We ferment the grapes for a very long time to achieve high alcohol content.
Yankee Doodle stuck a feather in his cap and called it macaroni.
She walks with a slight limp.
They formed a company.
a kindly forgiving nature.
Water freezes at 32 degrees Fahrenheit.
the teacher tried to increase his students' engagement in class activities.
local worthies rarely challenged the chief constable.
the mind functions on many strata simultaneously.
I bought this house not because I want to live in it but to sell it later at a good price, so I am speculating.
She said her `Hail Mary'.
a special correspondent.
the absurd excuse that the dog ate his homework.
an artists' colony.
the party has a working majority in the House.
his ribbing was gentle but persistent.
blunted emotions.
a relaxant drug.
a dainty teacup.
sparkling water.
in your behalf.
administer an oath.
my experience...in other fields of law has made me distrustful of rules of thumb generally.
symptomatic treatment.
Fort Worth is a neighbor of Dallas.
an over-embellished story of the fish that got away.
an avant-garde theater piece.
I cannot envision him as President.
Life imitate art.
the presentation of new data.
it was a case of bad judgment.
his father gave him a half-dollar and his mother a quarter and he thought them munificent.
refine a design or pattern.
Jesus was transfigured after his resurrection.
The acid distills at a specific temperature.
numb to the cries for mercy.
domestic issues such as tax rate and highway construction.
the dull boom of distant breaking waves.
Don't behave like a fool.
fog-filled air.
in those days the hanging of criminals was a public entertainment.
our large nonnative population.
She vented her anger.
dishonorable in thought and deed.
a truncated pyramid.
These few men comprise his entire army.
the participating organizations.
The lambs fell in the afternoon.
a merry chase.
attendant members of the congreation.
she had long wavy hair.
it is important to keep the extremities warm.
a streak of wildness.
the uppermost book in the pile.
the death of his wife caused him great distress.
he gave her a box of chocolates.
They were circuiting about the state.
The pharaohs were entombed in the pyramids.
he warned against the use of narcotic drugs.
She served in Vietnam.
intermediate stages in a process.
surplus cheese distributed to the needy.
man's ultimate destiny.
wailing mourners.
tip the arrow with the small stone.
I was merely asking.
a celebrated musician.
analyze a specimen.
men are portly and women are stout.
it set the stage for peaceful negotiations.
This kind of food sickens me.
the darkened theater.
roads and trees glazed with an icy film.
Australian deserts.
he's a thorn in my flesh.
they had to reinforce the center.
He goes to bed at the crack of dawn.
economically the country is worse off.
a blizzard of lawsuits.
the target of a manhunt.
a linear measurement.
a year constitutes a cycle of the seasons.
his crash through the window.
the rationale for capital punishment.
discriminate people.
This box houses the gears.
the postulational method was applied to geometry.
she asked for money and then the fun began.
common law originated in the unwritten laws of England and was later applied in the United States.
she was in tears.
If the temperature rises above freezing, it will probably sleet.
impermanent palm cottages.
the combination to the safe was a secret.
a warm and sharing friend.
he was adequately prepared.
catastrophically complex.
regions of outer space.
she bought the whole caboodle.
the eventual accumulative effect of these substances.
Grab power.
false pretenses.
We licked the other team on Sunday!.
saw the board across the grain.
when you have a monopoly you can ask any price you like.
the worst dressed person present.
criminal abuse.
he examined all sides of the crystal.
he was listless and bored.
the marble slabs were cut across.
possible distribution channels are wholesalers or small retailers or retail chains or direct mailers or your own stores.
box the gift, please.
the car was on the top floor.
diminishing returns.
a toothless old crone.
a dutiful citizen.
We felt the effects of inflation.
reform your conduct.
a sudden storm.
the building was flagged for the holiday.
puddle young plants.
strangulation of the intestine.
the challenge was formidable.
The lung cancer patient cannot inspire air very well.
The runner breasted the tape.
his sermons were unpredictably witty and satirical as well as eloquent.
This novelist has been manufacturing his books following his initial success.
restrict the use of this parking lot.
no one can be a poet without a certain unsoundness of mind.
hanging around.
his excursive remarks.
the ascending staircase.
he lives on Nassau Street.
an inarticulate cry.
the authorship of the theory is disputed.
This author really suffers in translation.
had shining virtues and few faults.
technological development.
a long boring speech.
a wildcat airline.
He seemed to commune with nature.
he observed the softening of iron by heat.
she struggled to overcome her handicap and won.
a piano was in one corner of the room.
the process of thinking.
actuate the circuits.
uproot the vine that has spread all over the garden.
a school year.
back (or hind) legs.
light banter.
find out if he speaks Russian.
an otherwise hopeless situation.
foster parent.
hypothetical situation.
a slangy expression.
`when I was a girl,' she said chattily, `I used to ride a bicycle'.
The double agent was blown by the other side.
marketing this product will be no picnic.
The chemical undergoes a sudden change.
cousins are collateral relatives.
he feared the speedy decline of all manhood.
he held up his end.
what price glory?.
Jain gods.
walking is a healthy form of exercise.
retained a few bulls for breeding purposes.
ghosts and other immaterial entities.
they worked from morning to night.
He took first prize.
the mean annual rainfall.
feeling discouraged and downhearted.
rode the lift up and skied down.
observant of the speed limit.
this is a nice place for a picnic.
mindful of these criticisms, I shall attempt to justify my action.
This method doesn't work.
aliens of equivocal loyalty.
confident of fulfillment.
a tactical error.
primordial forms of life.
snow-covered roads.
exhibiting contempt for his unlettered companions.
a book not appropriate for children.
she solved the problem creatively.
printers once kept the type for capitals and for small letters in separate cases; capitals were kept in the upper half of the type case and so became known as upper-case letters.
the change of government had no impact on the economy.
they made a cover of a Beatles' song.
the soloist sang unaccompanied.
their competitors went under.
have the mopes.
a life of hardship.
a blank stare.
the consecrated chapel.
Thicken the sauce.
Summer brings out bright clothes.
clipped hedges.
she is likely to forget.
This theory holds for all irrational numbers.
She could not help watching the sad spectacle.
the greatest uncontrolled health problem is AIDS.
She stepped into a life of luxury.
equitable treatment of all citizens.
rubberize fabric for rain coats.
maximum pressure.
a prestigious professor at a prestigious university.
the devotion of his time and wealth to science.
call me only if your cold gets worse.
The teacher used to beat the students.
a scheming wife.
terminal examinations.
This school is completely desegregated.
the vitality of a seed.
a privileged statement.
he took the lead at the last turn.
more importantly, Weber held that the manifold meaning attached to the event by the social scientist could alter his definition of the concrete event itself.
Galileo knew that the earth moves around the sun.
his face was clouded with unhappiness.
he missed their company.
a man of quality.
The wheat headed early this year.
my watch is running behind.
a brilliant but narrow-minded judge.
a dim light beside the bed.
execute the decision of the people.
You can stay with me while you are in town.
What are you driving at?.
booze will be the finish of him.
this is historically interesting.
subatomic particles.
mop and mow.
Who is heading this project?.
relying upon an extraneous income.
The crisis precipitated by Russia's revolution.
swaddled the infant.
a Congressional vacancy occurred in the representation from California.
the truck gave him a tow to the garage.
stump a field.
a time of unexampled prosperity.
fearless reporters and photographers.
the clock has a walnut case.
visionary schemes for getting rich.
boot your computer.
the company fabricates plastic chairs.
A flower developed on the branch.
a home game.
after two raises there was a call.
native copper.
focused light rays can set something afire.
a rapacious divorcee on the prowl.
long-range nuclear capability.
I learned that she has two grown-up children.
digging an exploratory well in the Gulf of Mexico.
The teacher imputed the student's failure to his nervousness.
unlawful money.
Reading beats watching television.
in B flat minor.
a one-night stand.
make a mess in one's office.
a facial blemish.
a splatter of mud.
dental floss.
wild tribes.
an unrighteous law.
the predominant mood among policy-makers is optimism.
`hot off the press' shows an extended sense of `hot'.
She looked out the window, daydreaming.
oppressive sorrows.
grin evilly.
lay semiconscious, stunned (or stupefied) by the blow.
since he lacks originality he must rely on quotation.
floppy disks are noted for their relatively slow speed and small capacity and low price.
The cities fell to the enemy.
Semitic tongues have a complicated morphology.
a meanspirited man unwilling to forgive.
unsealed goods.
he was criticized roundly.
unwelcome visitors.
face the lapels of the jacket.
the people slowly progressed from barbarism to civilization.
He explained the laws of physics to his students.
it was a small economy to walk to work every day.
he had an unruly shock of black hair.
he knows my bad points as well as my good points.
careful cleaning was responsible for the enhanced value of the painting.
the growing medium should be equal parts of sand and loam with an admixture of peat moss and cow manure.
a broad political stance.
pull the trigger of the gun.
The woman repudiated the divorce settlement.
in behalf of.
a gluttonous debauch.
a plague of grasshoppers.
the thief's identification was followed quickly by his arrest.
He gulped for help after choking on a big piece of meat.
market runups are invariably followed by a correction.
her hand stopped in mid air.
The substance gasified.
he read it in yesterday's edition of the Times.
he did it on a bet.
it was unbearably hot in the room.
My son disarranged the papers on my desk.
I bet $100 on that new horse.
invasive tourists.
clean forgot the appointment.
the explanation was very simple.
Each oar was tugged by several men.
they live by the standards of their community.
no transactions are possible without him.
the convention of not naming the main character.
she may be detached or even unfeeling but at least she's not hypocritically effusive.
safety protocols.
the lion is rampant in this heraldic depiction.
thousands of classified documents have now been declassified.
the practice of the law.
he won without any trouble.
a huge wave.
a carefully laid table with places set for four people.
the separation of mail by postal zones.
an implicit agreement not to raise the subject.
the hurricane demolished houses in its path.
intimate relations between economics, politics, and legal principles.
Look--a deer in the backyard!.
the heading seemed to have little to do with the text.
the doctor will soon be here.
trembling hands.
a literal depiction of the scene before him.
a capricious summer breeze.
the car went smash through the fence.
pornographic films and magazines.
a set of books.
give up alcohol.
squelch any sign of dissent.
a long beard, raggedly cut.
the runner was out on a play by the shortstop.
sat on an upturned bucket.
monoclinic system.
a legless man in a wheelchair.
voluntary manslaughter.
it's a blamed shame.
The banks syndicated.
a deep yielding layer of foam rubber.
the equivocal (or indeterminate) objects painted by surrealists.
tear-stained cheeks.
African nations.
hit the ball squarely.
felt impelled to take a stand against the issue.
he spoke with brutal honesty.
lathe operators use an emulsion of oil and water as a coolant for the cutting tool.
She gained 20 pounds when she stopped exercising.
he angrily denied the accusation.
compliant and anxious to suit his opinions of those of others.
a willing participant.
Adam knew Eve.
a reputable scientist.
The meeting culminated in a tearful embrace.
Tie the ropes together.
he hadn't counted on the slackness of the rope.
a valid contract.
a Daniel come to judgment.
beautify yourself for the special day.
pensions are in the toilet.
pituitary hormone.
the end of the police search was the discovery of a corpse.
The solution emulsified.
the sites are determined by highly specific sequences of nucleotides.
the water was purling.
frowzy white hair.
top trees and bushes.
wildcat currency issued by irresponsible banks.
the very easiness of the deed held her back.
an incendiary fire.
the news is up-to-the-minute.
score the clay before firing it.
came out flat for less work and more pay.
a high-octane marketing plan.
it gave comfort to the enemy.
bring the legs together overhead.
easy standards.
the plentiful rain germinated my plants.
Parisian restaurants can be expensive.
His deep voice boomed through the hall.
precious stones occur in a large area in Brazil.
the final draft of the constitution.
the bony framework of the body.
Snow capped the mountains.
hysterical amnesia.
in the ninth century the Vikings began raiding the Anglo-Saxons in Britain.
I'll probably see you at the meeting.
ask a question.
rivers filled to overflowing by melted snow.
The principles that inform modern teaching.
the reward for good works.
record is made of `registered mail' at each point on its route to assure safe delivery.
she made a lot of money writing romantic fantasies.
the traitor was dispatched by the conspirators.
triplex windows.
`all spinsters are unmarried' is an analytic proposition.
a packed theater.
at one time he loved her.
snappy weather.
their friendship constitutes a powerful bond between them.
on his return from Australia we gave him a welcoming party.
the fee was nominal.
the pitching and tossing was quite exciting.
you dirty dog.
a moral scrutiny.
furred animals.
dimly, distantly, voices sounded in the stillness.
He bulled through his demands.
a crippling injury.
a delimited frontier through the disputed region.
a critical temperature of water is 100 degrees C--its boiling point at standard atmospheric pressure.
a fixed piece of wood.
a benign smile.
the function distributes the values evenly.
the heavy-breathing person on the telephone.
cut a nice figure.
My plants are coming along.
his state of health.
the tenuity of the upper atmosphere.
sting with the allowance.
a political system with no place for the less prominent groups.
the grateful warmth of the fire.
would have scarce arrived before she would have found some excuse to leave.
there is an officer's club on the post.
this microorganism is a producer of disease.
a famous actor.
a scary movie.
efficient engines save gas.
a deep voice.
transposed letters.
internal mechanism of a toy.
dental student.
He spruced up for the party.
the cub licked the milk from its mother's breast.
the medicine's effect was opposite to that intended.
immune from taxation as long as he resided in Bermuda.
spoon the sauce over the roast.
pole barges on the river.
Did you score last night?.
biblical Hebrew.
furrow soil.
stipendiary services.
the grandfather clock beat midnight.
the unexpressed terms of the agreement.
the presence of bacterial infection was an indication for the use of antibiotics.
they moved in under a mask of friendship.
purge the water.
temporary housing.
sharp winds.
they awaited her arrival.
the division of Europe into warring blocs produces ever-increasing centrifugal stress.
Nobody can break out--this prison is high security.
harnessing subatomic energy.
lasted approximately an hour.
engraved invitations.
a disputatious lawyer.
an uncaring person.
Clear a path through the dense forest.
an overland journey.
We passed the point where the police car had parked.
he was an Olympic swimmer.
it hurts bad.
a dead issue.
her stockings had several mends.
it was the Christmas season.
I wonder whether this was the right thing to do.
My eyes are burning.
she's a demon at math.
a plague of bloodsucking insects.
stop the project.
the timid child of authoritarian parents.
it was the waking up he hated most.
the situation soon took on a different color.
her damnable pride.
a tenuous thread.
there wasn't time for a nap.
structural unemployment in a technological society.
empyrean aplomb.
he pulled his arm free and ran.
this door opens mechanically.
they were waiting on the first tee.
The Sanskrit text had to be transliterated.
an inactive member.
Misfortune lighted upon him.
you are welcome to join us.
a direct hit.
not the least nettlesome of his countrymen.
the war against crime.
inundated farmlands.
conditional acceptance of the terms.
dexterous of hand and inventive of mind.
a casual meeting.
don't outstay your welcome.
private family matters.
doctorial candidates.
Mary and her girlfriend organized the party.
an opportunity opened up.
dock the ships.
he changed the setting on the thermostat.
virgin wool.
mine ores and metals.
the mediated settlement brought satisfaction to both sides.
a run-down watch.
predatory warfare.
the culprit started to run and the cop took off in pursuit.
trousers with tapered legs.
saw many strange faces in the crowd.
servile work.
stick the corner of the sheet under the mattress.
an ambidextrous surgeon.
In the old days, doctors routinely bled patients as part of the treatment.
a retentive mind.
heavy breathing.
intense anxiety.
a small painting by Picasso.
the packaging of new ideas.
we have to do what is right confidently.
articulate beings.
afraid of hard work.
alleged abuses of housing benefits.
the vulgar tongue of the masses.
the leafless branches etched against the sky.
fireflies are bioluminescent.
She never did any work because she inherited a lot of money.
she is absolutely tops.
he felt better after a little sleep.
Grosvenor Terrace.
the chilliness of early morning.
the Alabamas were members of the Creek Confederacy.
an undivided interest in the property.
the molded steel plates.
get nauseous.
He reduced the population to slavery.
he's a master of the business deal.
meteorological factors.
hydrostatic pressure.
the sweet science of pugilism.
a maniacal frenzy.
deposit the suitcase on the bench.
I was approached by the President to serve as his adviser in foreign matters.
We exploded the nuclear bomb.
flamingoes walk majestically through the marshes.
I didn't have time to finish.
calling his seduction of the girl a `score' was a typical example of male slang.
the dance often becomes flagrantly obscene.
he walked up and grabbed my lapels.
They slid through the wicket in the big gate.
a dainty dish to set before a kind.
they cut down a stand of trees.
He settled the farm 200 years ago.
the farming regions of France.
some students had stolen the key to the final exam.
the church welcomed new members into its fellowship.
they established a cap for prices.
the mower cuts off the tops of the grass.
they hijacked the judicial process.
graven images.
wild with grief.
They nurses were qualified to administer the injections.
he felt as if he had been hit with a club.
the black and yellow banding of bees and wasps.
the implantation of radioactive pellets in the prostate gland.
the inhibition of the heart by the vagus nerve.
an abnormal personality.
it was an over-the-top experience.
a mind so innovational, so original.
a double room.
heavy artillery.
a narrow line across the page.
Children have to be socialized in school.
well-marked roads.
a high-voltage generator.
The empty house alarmed him.
aseptic surgical instruments.
our fusillade from the left flank caught them by surprise.
the little grey cells.
a hard left to the chin.
a man with greyish hair.
She became habituated to the background music.
he stood on a high cliff overlooking the town.
a dress with sparkly sequins.
the wheels sang their song as the train rocketed ahead.
He walks the horse up the mountain.
launch a ship.
rough-hewn stone.
Hitler annexed Lithuania.
impelling skill as a teller of tales.
recite a poem.
Englishmen like to visit the Continent but they wouldn't like to live there.
the fiercest and most treacherous of foes.
Could you convert my dollars into pounds?.
he possesses great knowledge about the Middle East.
he and his wife shared a common purse.
an animated cartoon.
A big oil spot spread across the water.
he loved the sound of his own oratory.
the early election returns are unofficial.
the wounds will eventually scab.
They were shipwrecked in one of the mysteries at sea.
the redeeming feature of the plan is its simplicity.
undiluted milk.
the might have repercussions of unimaginable largeness.
the first house on the right.
an incumbent geological formation.
Rousseau's philosophy holds that people are inherently good.
the children were told to stay within earshot.
perforated cancellation.
adored grandchildren.
commonplace everyday activities.
became very animated when he heard the good news.
the untreated wounded lay on makeshift cots.
the ship beached near the port.
he has a gift for words.
his second marriage was happier than the first.
a labor-intensive industry.
the notification stated the grace period and the penalties for defaulting.
we live in an age of rootless alienated people.
lift the box onto the table.
hurry--it's late!.
They closed the deal on the building.
speaking personally, I would not want to go.
his threat to kill me was quite explicit.
spicy gossip.
These two fellows are always scrapping over something.
after several trials he mixed the shade of pink that she wanted.
pass the word along.
a bona fide manuscript.
his intentions are entirely honorable.
he always appreciated praise for his work.
described by an admiring nonresident as a green and pleasant land.
He was billed as the greatest tenor since Caruso.
an explosion of a low order of magnitude.
a casebook schizophrenic.
the mechanical pressure of a strong wind.
The little animals fossilized and are now embedded in the limestone.
a versatile writer.
the legitimate heir.
She suffers from a tendency to talk too much.
the crowning star on a Christmas tree.
an atmosphere electric with suspicion.
the winner is the team with the most points at the finish.
the feel of the city excited him.
even before noon there was a considerable patronage.
a huge ice mass.
was ambivalent about having children.
his polished prose.
he got life for killing the guard.
green grass growing underfoot.
The candidate ripped into his opponent mercilessly.
The course fertilized her imagination.
haul nets.
a smokeless environment.
the bracing mountain air.
The beam holds up the roof.
we invited several young marrieds.
unplanned remarks.
a simplex word has no affixes and is not part of a compound--like `boy' compared with `boyish' or `house' compared with `houseboat'.
his library was a cluttered room with piles of books on every chair.
ditch a plane.
AIDS has killed thousands in Africa.
sleazy storefronts with...dirt on the walls.
overheated metal.
an ordinary day.
maintain a record.
I warned him not to go too far.
the punch is spiked!.
The crocodile was crawling along the riverbed.
slick seals and otters.
open scrubby woods.
WW II began in 1939 when Hitler marched into Poland.
a crushing rejection.
his blase indifference.
What's playing in the local movie theater?.
the label Modern is applied to many different kinds of architecture.
sublime iodine.
the lost platoon.
James's affinity with Sam.
deliver a blow.
I need some fresh air.
a cricket bat has a narrow handle and a broad flat end for hitting.
there were distinguishing disfigurements on the suspect's back.
I surmised that the butler did it.
his work established a new department of literature.
The child entangled the cord.
they bought the car blindly.
by and large it doesn't rain much here.
a sharp photographic image.
was very sure in his beliefs.
his landing on his feet was catlike.
there are two sides to every question.
the pursuit of love.
as absorbent as a sponge.
one of the serrations was broken off.
She sells her body to survive and support her drug habit.
You should consult the dictionary.
a par-5 hole.
rail in the old graves.
fresh fats contain glycerides of fatty acids and very little free acid.
The burglar wielded an axe.
magnesium is a light metal--having a specific gravity of 1.74 at 20 degrees C.
a becoming new shade of rose.
the soft sciences.
I invited them to a restaurant.
indicative mood.
She impersonates Madonna.
vernacular speakers.
everyone expected him to win so his loss was a shock.
he could feel the tenseness of her body.
a lame argument.
stack the deck of cards.
ill predictions.
the agreement was mutually satisfactory.
the arbitrary rule of a dictator.
He appraised the situation carefully before acting.
imprudently, he downed tools and ran home to make his wife happy.
an umbrella holder.
covered wagons.
ditch the land to drain it.
caring friends.
The journalists have defamed me!.
She was descended from an old Italian noble family.
in Britain they call a mantel a chimneypiece.
Bible country.
he heard the scream of the brakes.
had a bright future in publishing.
an intractable disposition.
I swear by my grandmother's recipes.
ran wide around left end.
The militia captured the castle.
The women traced the pasture.
civil authorities.
they are near equals.
he seldom suppressed his autobiographical tendencies.
a sharp pain.
big man on campus.
some kind of unspoken agreement.
The child grew fast.
your assumption that I would agree was unwarranted.
a golden era.
Our advertisements reach millions.
a better coat.
a barely palpable dust.
young women disliked the overfamiliar tone he took with them.
the new advertising campaign was a bell ringer.
her compulsion to wash her hands repeatedly.
other, less fortunate, children died.
Big boulders outcropped.
nonhuman primates such as chimpanzees.
double-breasted suit.
naval commander.
Shaw's neglected one-act comedy, `A Village Wooing'.
I say let's forget this whole business.
God wills our existence.
a corrupt and incompetent city government.
the reality of his situation slowly dawned on him.
This play jarred the audience.
a glazed ham.
Can we wade across the river to the other side?.
he is out of action.
after 20 years with the same company, she pulled up stakes.
a lively period in history.
he beamed his approval.
had a close call.
shake the salt out of the salt shaker.
he quickly became recognized as a member of the establishment.
she cried with pain when the doctor inserted the needle.
succinct comparisons.
an unfailing source of good stories.
they were rescued from despair at the last minute.
he fanned out.
the advertising campaign put them out front in sales.
a slighting remark.
They engaged in a discussion.
it seems that an apology is appropriate.
a single bed.
The seamstress planned for 5% shrinkage after the first wash.
plastic substances such as wax or clay.
glass is brittle.
the horse's powerful kick.
he was recognized by the device on his shield.
Darth Vader of the dark side.
He is known to harry his staff when he is overworked.
she always acts very insecurely in the presence of her father.
the technical literature.
they traveled westward toward the setting sun.
I hold with those who say life is sacred.
Age and experience mellowed him over the years.
He was inured to the cold.
standard English.
We put the time of arrival at 8 P.M..
demode (or outmoded) attire.
the insertion of a vowel in the plural of the word `bush' is epenthesis.
The Senate confirmed the President's candidate for Secretary of Defense.
angry at being dealt with so unequally.
orbital arch.
Californians love to surf.
the engagement of the clutch.
the arguments of the symmetric relation, `is a sister of,' are interchangeable.
she is a living doll.
a green tree.
they hold a shoot every weekend during the summer.
He matured fast.
The grandparents want to bond with the child.
the salesman faxed the sales agreement to his home office.
stuff a bearskin.
scalelike leaves.
the cover concealed their guns from enemy aircraft.
a determinate answer to the problem.
fish have simpler hemoglobin than mammals.
their evidenced friendliness to the US.
he was crudely bold.
she joined the party after dinner.
theology should be the handmaiden of ethics.
it's a tough life.
an airtight defense.
a politician whose recall of names was as remarkable as his recognition of faces.
contrived coyness.
children were subdued and silent.
The patient must be sedated before the operation.
a contributory factor.
free will.
he stepped on the gas.
leave lots of time for the trip.
She cloistered herself in the office.
he flipped when he heard that he was accepted into Princeton University.
the most desirable feature of the park are the beautiful views.
the ancient and cosmopolitan societies of Syria and Egypt.
Her voice broke to a whisper when she started to talk about her children.
The enterprise succeeded.
he was appropriately dressed.
a positive benefit.
blinding headlights.
the assignment was to make a construction that could be used in proving the Pythagorean theorem.
The Duke hunted in these woods.
he holds the portfolio for foreign affairs.
noncompetitive interest in games.
install the washer and dryer.
Dead bodies strewed the ground.
She came down with pneumonia.
unexpected news.
African men are initiated when they reach puberty.
he wrote the manual on car care.
a thing of the spirit.
he is a man of means.
He blundered his stupid ideas.
his music was his central interest.
with a flip of the wrist.
ribonucleic acid is the genetic material of some viruses.
a piece of pie.
little time is left.
at the expense of.
the dollar is the United States unit of currency.
my father never spared the birch.
Glover tapdances better than anybody.
this past Thursday.
His hands were grained with dirt.
this pianist plays dynamically.
the judge was solemn as he pronounced sentence.
the temporary camps were inadequately equipped.
a waterless well.
legislative proposal.
he felt secure in his father's shadow.
a concern with inward reflections.
she guessed wrong.
glaze the bread with eggwhite.
Please excuse me from this class.
Paul Bunyan had a blue ox named Babe.
this letter is written on behalf of my client.
ponderous weapons.
hat and cat rhyme.
slow-moving cars.
an elegiac lament for youthful ideals.
his planning for retirement was hindered by several uncertainties.
a pointed critique.
she led a low spade.
you only get 3 outs per inning.
paying taxes to voracious governments.
popular fiction.
foreign particles in milk.
The water came up to my waist.
sculptural embellishments.
A slight unpleasantness arose from this discussion.
budget separately for goods and services.
hold all calls to the President's office while he is in a meeting.
a bare blade.
an abrupt canyon.
his long commitment to public service.
he caught her staring out the window.
cosmopolitan in distribution.
Mars is a dead planet.
it was destroyed by the strength of the gale.
two hours after that.
structural effects of folding and faulting of the earth's surface.
She called her children lazy and ungrateful.
an elicited response.
lengthened skirts are fashionable this year.
the buoys were markers for the channel.
The rent was prorated for the rest of the month.
Don't let yourself be lulled into a false state of security.
the banjo had a long neck.
Christ is risen!.
a bloody fight.
find the product of two numbers.
an outburst of heavy rain.
Horowitz could play Chopin memorably.
he walked with unsteady steps.
in the upper center of the picture.
plan an attack.
can I stay bit longer?.
tropical islands.
his family was supportive of his attempts to be a writer.
a self-indulgent...way of looking at life.
They were struck with fear.
pornography is cancerous to the moral development of our children.
This mistake cost him his job.
The water turned into ice.
I feel stuffed.
The shock numbed her senses.
rational thought.
Maximize your profits!.
pioneers had to cross the continent on foot.
the Early Hebrew alphabetical script is that used mainly from the 11th to the 6th centuries B.C..
according to his own testimony he can't do it.
they criticized the boy for his limited pursuits.
They pried the information out of him.
they lived very simply.
a clipped poodle.
was confident he would win.
he buzzed the servant.
They popularized coffee in Washington State.
the planetary tilt.
The students parroted the teacher's words.
a house full of light-haired children.
temperate in his habits.
angry-looking.
a typical suburban community.
he is known the world over.
a knotty problem.
a dry greeting.
We grow wheat here.
assigned duties.
the carefully arranged chessmen.
the busbar in this computer can transmit data either way between any two components of the system.
The President dissolved the parliament and called for new elections.
guard my possessions while I'm away.
intense heat.
it is the nature of fire to burn.
gave only qualified approval.
The guard snarled at us.
a stupendous field of grass.
light snow was falling.
mark my words.
the crude facts.
the behavior of small particles can be studied in experiments.
children with clean shining faces.
he was watching her surreptitiously as she waited in the hotel lobby.
her health is better now.
kind words showing understanding and sympathy.
lurid flames.
an offshore island.
an awkward gesture.
the figure inside the boucle dress was stupefying.
This worry hangs on my mind.
a fluid situation fraught with uncertainty.
catalytic reactions.
an aircraft landing slot.
he made a few ad-lib remarks.
a seeded lawn.
a billiard table must be level.
mailed an indignant letter to the editor.
He shammed a headache.
similar food at similar prices.
drop a lawsuit.
She owes me $200.
had a rattling conversation about politics.
the eremitic element in the life of a religious colony.
I had the feeling that he was waiting, too--serenely patient.
an octal digit.
he had a habit of using nouns verbally.
adventurous pioneers.
Many people had to emigrate during the Nazi period.
he performed with all the coolness of a veteran.
Who will be herding the cattle when the cowboy dies?.
the Axis opposed the Allies in World War II.
the money vanished in las Vegas.
judicial robes.
The new foreign minister reshaped the foreign policy of his country.
a feudal or ritualistic society.
The sky cleared after the storm.
relativistic quantum mechanics.
his bearded face already has a set hollow look.
man-made fibers.
he picked up the little girl and plopped her down in his lap.
divert the low voltage to the engine cylinders.
fiercely independent individualism.
the dateless rise and fall of the tides.
had unique ability in raising funds.
combustion grew until revolt was unavoidable.
an extreme conservative.
sensitive skin.
more men of his stamp are needed.
The auto workers decided to unionize.
to improve notional comprehension.
she disliked fatness in herself as well as in others.
the waxing and waning of the moon.
the uncongenial roommates were always fighting.
interested in knowing who was on the telephone.
a boisterous crowd.
he is fairly clever with computers.
Can I keep my old stuffed animals?.
he is not a good swimmer.
reduce your daily fat intake.
The young man was caught soliciting in the park.
The orchestra could barely follow the frequent pitch changes of the soprano.
Dupont designs for the house of Chanel.
the cold glasses were streaked with sweat.
the industrial revolution was also a cultural revolution.
the shot buzzed past his ear.
a frontal appendage.
the aftermath of war.
an impossible situation.
the organ of the communist party.
it was a suggestion we couldn't refuse.
God will remit their sins.
These bonds mature in 2005.
It took three hours to get to work this morning.
reversible hypertension.
They burned the house and his diaries.
remote and unsounded caverns.
an unceremonious speech.
policeman patrolled the streets ahorseback.
a struggle against a determined enemy.
obsequious shop assistants.
I will not perform the ungrateful task of comparing cases of failure.
after watching TV with her husband she had a bad case of football fatigue.
cows were strawed to weather the snowstorm.
a hail of pebbles.
he has always been honest is his dealings with me.
My nose is all stuffed.
a dress of brushed cotton.
an act for which there is no reparation.
they used picks and sledges to break the rocks.
a virtue unlooked-for in people so full of energy.
of incalculable value.
his respect for the law bordered on veneration.
I am positive he is lying.
present at the wedding.
a severe case of flu.
a lackadaisical attempt.
The customs agents impounded the illegal shipment.
unequivocal evidence.
wondered how such a state of affairs had come about.
the laws of thermodynamics.
he got a refill for his ball-point pen.
a town accessible by rail.
the proposal required great boldness.
She uses drugs rarely.
they had a fierce wrestle.
a voluminous skirt.
he wrote several plays but only one was produced on Broadway.
took refuge in lying.
susceptible to colds.
His brother blocked him at every turn.
mathematically impossible.
he works more now.
the critics were lavish in their praise.
He was not sensitized to her emotional needs.
a galvanometer of extreme sensitivity.
manual dexterity.
an obstinate child with a violent temper.
the included check.
organic eggs.
powdery snow.
a vital, living organism.
mortal enemy.
current negotiations.
vaudeville...waged an uneven battle against the church.
it was not altogether her fault.
He drew an elaborate plan of attack.
Tonight she is dating a former high school sweetheart.
communicate a disease.
waves dabbled with moonlight.
a sociable gathering.
adultery is as reprehensible for a husband as for a wife.
They taxed him failure to appear in court.
He leaned his rifle against the wall.
The swollen river washed away the footbridge.
the continued existence of nationalism.
his bellow filled the hallway.
the bolt slipped into place.
The children bubbled over with joy.
The patient was seized with unbearable pains.
retirement meant dropping out of a whole network of people who had been part of my life.
a list of articles pertinent to the discussion.
all of the planets rotate the sun in approximately the same ecliptic.
gilt-edged securities.
the business decided to concentrate on confectionery and soft drinks.
they're just kids.
stout hearts.
The debate sharpened.
bring comments.
it is down the road a piece.
the emerging buds were a sure sign of spring.
requests that grew more and more imperative.
John and Eric soon became friends.
I include you in the list of culprits.
some alleles are dominant over others.
cooking was fine but it was the savoring that he enjoyed most.
may parents reside in Florida.
a hot week on the stock market.
a cartilaginous style.
a lined skirt.
the left guard was injured on the play.
This story would lend itself well to serialization on television.
she was a deceitful scheming little thing.
keys strung on a red cord.
a propitious alignment of planets for space exploration.
the discovered behavior norms.
he still hangs out with the same crowd.
unwelcome interruptions.
a noble tree.
She committed herself to the work of God.
I should proofread my manuscripts.
erratic winds are the bane of a sailor.
we retraced the route we took last summer.
She lied when she told me she was only 29.
my eyebrows singed when I bent over the flames.
an unknown island.
desired amounts of inactive chlorine.
block the wheels of a car.
After her divorce, she remarried her high school sweetheart.
cycle the laundry in this washing program.
he lived at a fast pace.
blind to a lover's faults.
wrack and ruin.
run the dogs.
Follow my example.
I paid four dollars for this sandwich.
he was admitted to a new program at the university.
The supermarket's selection of vegetables varies according to the season.
a pleasing piece of news.
He buried his head in her lap.
he read a chapter every night before falling asleep.
a venturous spirit.
I only peeked--I didn't see anything interesting.
You don't have to yell--I can hear you just fine.
drink was his downfall.
painstaking research.
ballistic missile.
a timely warning.
subtle, multivalent allegory.
She swallowed the last words of her speech.
the amended bill passed easily.
a married man.
he stayed later than you did.
some people seem born to be square and chunky.
pressed flowers.
The two roads join here.
Mendel tried crossbreeding.
the prime minister.
the ball was still in play.
the frozen North.
the snow was firm underfoot.
a real honest-to-god live cowboy.
he said his voices told him to do it.
dialectal variation.
you have brought ruin on this entire family.
the victim of whimsical persecutions.
a convinced and fanatical pacifist.
they talked for hours.
mark the individual pages.
he led the national liberation front.
She keeps a few chickens in the yard.
We must tolerate the religions of others.
the constant sound of dripping irritated him.
a manual transmission.
she screamed furiously at her tormentors.
cyclic petals.
aggressive acts against another country.
The muscular actor loves to Rollerblade.
the easygoing life of a parttime consultant.
an instrumental ensemble.
measurable depths.
a subsurface flow of water.
The pain eventually passed off.
The museum curator conserved the ancient manuscripts.
they have lived there for years.
a monarch has a duty to his subjects.
too modest to wear his medals.
the ambit of municipal legislation.
he thought of his painting as a game that filled his empty time.
coagulated blood.
I sent them my sincere congratulations on their marriage.
Earth is the most massive of the terrestrial planets.
by main strength.
torpid frogs.
at the end of the year the accounting department showed that it was a wash.
RAF pilots were the heroes of the Battle of Britain.
an ancient mariner.
The family took off for Florida.
I saw him last in London.
the homing instinct.
cut a Ping-Pong ball.
prima donna.
automobile tires are usually made of rubber and filled with compressed air.
The water left a mark on the silk dress.
The fruit dried and shriveled.
took a long view of the geopolitical issues.
he always arrives on time.
the luxury and corruption among the upper classes.
his shoelaces were undone.
The ship will call in Honolulu tomorrow.
the approaching election.
at regular (or uniform) intervals.
These apples need to mellow a bit more.
iron is absolutely necessary.
saleable at a low price.
he predicted that although it is of small account now it will rapidly increase in importance.
I start at eight in the morning.
the gravitation between two bodies is proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them.
a subtle difference.
the effect of the anesthetic.
a bunch of trees.
cold in his grave.
with the cross of Jesus marching on before.
the ankle bone articulates with the leg bones to form the ankle bones.
The new tooth is cutting.
loose bowels.
a closed mind unreceptive to new ideas.
he took a bash right in his face.
bear news.
he ran some water in the basin and splashed it on his face.
gossip was the main business of the evening.
the British are more aware of social status than Americans are.
Tighten the rules.
chose the better of the two.
a well-seasoned dish.
Let's all relax after a hard day's work.
pepper the soup.
the dorsal fin is spinous.
slick one's hair.
negative interest rates.
the whole room was cheering.
make an effort.
splice genes.
an easy job.
an adjuvant discipline to forms of mysticism.
had difficulty walking.
the distribution of nerve fibers.
the male population.
two days later they left.
he gestured for silence.
the sloughy edge of the pond.
lustrous actors of the time.
freewheeling urban youths.
I was wrong in her eyes.
the same source code can be compiled to produce different binaries for different operating systems.
the company had to transition the old practices to modern technology.
he got a scoop on the bribery of city officials.
His voice wobbled with restrained emotion.
the most vocal and pertinacious of all the critics.
the startup of the new factory was delayed by strikes.
seafaring vessels.
they were careful when crossing the busy street.
duodenal ulcer.
the fear of being sued for malpractice has magnified physicians' defensiveness.
it is always a job to contact him.
this unpleasant situation isn't going to work itself out.
step back.
production was up in the second quarter.
he planned a party to celebrate Bastille Day.
not all the occupied (or tenanted) apartments were well kept up.
manual laborer.
string beans.
at twilight or any other time.
he never went back to his hometown again.
there was still a rusty iron hoop for tying a horse.
saw motherhood as woman's sacred calling.
quench steel.
under the guise of friendship he betrayed them.
constant revision keeps the book au courant.
Mercury and Venus are inferior planets.
he is an authority on corporate law.
Government reaches out to the people.
a face-to-face encounter.
a rubber-tipped cane.
the sign was visibly displayed.
She gets away with murder!.
burned alive.
a stunning performance.
We caught something of his theory in the lecture.
he tried to get unposed shots of his friends.
aerate your old sneakers.
machinelike efficiency.
the bizarre hallucinatory dreams of fever.
a carefully referenced biography.
physiological processes.
get an idea.
suffrage was the prerogative of white adult males.
She clutched my arm when she got scared.
she was sporting a new hat.
sign on the dotted line.
discerning taste.
competition was pushing them to the wall.
they paid taxes on every stage of the operation.
the children returned from the seashore with their shells and other treasures.
her vituperative railing.
The mother drinks in every word of her son on the stage.
The door creaked when I opened it slowly.
her upraised flag.
I cannot correlate these two pieces of information.
the melon had a delicious taste.
The rock stratifies.
from the depths of darkest Africa.
one idea squares with another.
she needs some fancy footwork to cover all those lies.
outside interests.
good intentions are not enough.
did very careful research.
a splurge of spending.
The spider's thread attached to the window sill.
braided cordage.
I said to him to go home.
clamp the chair together until the glue has hardened.
He rides the subway downtown every day.
order a work stoppage.
her stint as a lifeguard exhausted her.
he teaches Medieval history.
a grizzled man with a beaklike nose.
our worries are lilliputian compared with those of countries that are at war.
an indeterminate point of law.
an asexual spore.
has ties with many widely dispersed friends.
stick to the diet.
she lives diagonally across the street from us.
there are no black-and-white certainties.
diversify your financial portfolio to hedge price risks.
the Russian system of nominal brevity.
a good investment.
Hollywood seems full of curvaceous blondes.
fire was one of our ancestors' first discoveries.
diametrical (or opposite) points of view.
varieties are frequently recognized in botany.
Please verify that the doors are closed.
the marathon tests a runner's endurance.
he has a thing about seafood.
a free lane.
dark as the inside of a black cat.
Italian cooking.
spoke in peremptory tones.
the termination of the agreement.
you must take an indirect course in sailing.
the French annexation of Madagascar as a colony in 1896.
the lucent moon.
a bankrupt company.
the dead of winter.
an unexplainable fear.
hierarchically organized.
a lost prize.
an indelible stain.
off-level floors and untrue doors and windows.
latent infection.
he was led astray.
I will stake my good reputation for this.
his grogginess was caused as much by exhaustion as by the blows.
A reading was taken of the earth's tremors.
this wall is disproportionately long.
an open shop employs nonunion workers.
dull silver badly in need of a polish.
inferior alveolar artery.
garments of the finest silk.
in an agony of hopeless grief.
water was splashing on the floor.
life has lost its point.
epilithic mosses.
he played with his rubber ball in the bathtub.
in our house dancing and playing cards were out.
the Dominican population.
He developed a new kind of apple.
undergo a strange sensation.
she played Chopin for her opener.
This dough does not work easily.
a sealed move in chess.
the wait was an ordeal for him.
a good site for the school.
yet another book on heraldry might be thought redundant.
cut a caper.
There was so much food at the party that we quickly got sated just by browsing.
is that the straight dope?.
He identified with the refugees.
the footprints of an earlier civilization.
He was inebriated by his phenomenal success.
point the letter.
She went `Mmmmm'.
The parents documented every step of their child's development.
his worry over the prospect of being fired.
oxidation ponds are extensively used for sewage treatment in the Midwest.
promotional fares.
archaic forms of life.
a steep roof sheds snow.
often drugs and crime are not dissociable.
the bipolar distribution of certain species.
The substance converts to an acid.
a yearner for knowledge.
a Utopian novel.
The pages of the book began to yellow.
the imposed taxation.
The church was tithed.
common decency.
for all his bluster he is in essence a shy person.
tufted duck.
quadratic equation.
abject poverty.
unwarmed rolls.
some people sleep better double.
objective art.
the institution of slavery.
a comely face.
quantitative analysis determines the amounts and proportions of the chemical constituents of a substance or mixture.
the architect has a theory that more is less.
the elaborate register of the inhabitants prevented tax evasion.
a wrenching pain.
Attic Greek.
corruption of a minor.
a transparent explanation.
the pinch of the recession.
it's distinctly possible.
uninspired writing.
a performance of great elan and sophistication.
gropes among cloudy issues toward a feeble conclusion.
classic Cinese pottery.
gave us a broad hint that it was time to leave.
the book's plot is simply incredible.
This painting ranks among the best in the Western World.
the finance section of the company.
rim a hat.
the female lead in the play.
the pungent taste of radishes.
practically everything in Hinduism is the manifestation of a god.
achieved success in business only by underhand methods.
The coyotes were howling in the desert.
land lying baked in the heat.
hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.
his major care was the illness of his wife.
unplug the hair dryer after using it.
senior professors' wives no longer make afternoon calls on newcomers.
the hairdresser gave her hair a modest tinting.
the prosecutor's frenzied denunciation of the accused.
a brilliant performance.
temperate in his response to criticism.
her clothes were simple and unnoticeable.
the wide plains.
brown the meat in the pan.
seam a dress.
inside out.
distill the essence of this compound.
We had his bedroom insulated before winter came.
he was arrested for disturbing the peace.
he complained that school was just memorization and regurgitation.
When it squalls, a prudent sailor reefs his sails.
Strong emotions welled up.
in a timorous tone.
He admonished the child for his bad behavior.
She held her ears when the jackhammer started to operate.
a female form in marble--a chilly but ideal medium for depicting abstract virtues.
a cutaneous infection.
the play failed big at the box office.
optically distorted.
We must follow closely the economic development is Cuba.
a forked river.
there were wide variations in the conditions of observation.
open drains.
he dresses rather flamboyantly.
style the dress.
it is paradoxical that standing is more tiring than walking.
the haul up the hill went very slowly.
cast fearful glances at the large dog.
resurgent nationalism.
genetic history reconstructs the origins of a literary work.
expressionist art.
normal diplomatic relations.
a vindictive man will look for occasions for resentment.
a parade of strollers on the mall.
couldn't keep her eyes off the wanted toy.
corrupt the morals.
He subjected me to his awful poetry.
we develop the leaders for the future.
untie the knot.
he declined to join the group on a hike.
reduced to nil all the work we had done.
random movements.
interchangeable parts.
he felt he had visited the realm of the damned.
his election signaled the birth of a new age.
it was his last wish.
set the house afire.
forcible entry.
stem the tide.
a sloppy floor.
stave a ladder.
feeling amorous.
Your income disqualifies you.
moved farther away.
unsaponified fat.
a two-handed crosscut saw.
he was so pumped he couldn't sleep.
sensitive to the local community and its needs.
a term is in inverse proportion to another term if it increases (or decreases) as the other decreases (or increases).
the surface was ready for a coating of paint.
balmy days and nights.
Can you interpret the speech of the visiting dignitaries?.
a true virus cannot spread to another computer without human assistance.
a generous donation.
the thread wouldn't go through the eye.
He scattered gun powder under the wagon.
walking distance.
interrelationships of animal structure and function.
a negative reaction to an advertising campaign.
he apologized subsequently.
he was supposed to go to the store.
a perinatologist cared for her during the puerperium.
corned beef.
the head terminating in the quaint duck bill which gives the animal its vernacular name.
an easily noticed effect on the rate of growth.
Johnson brushed the hairs from his jacket.
She shot back an answer.
settling a score.
a poor light for reading.
he hadn't remembered how fat she was.
a bout of depression.
brotherly feelings.
encouraging advances in medical research.
they stood on high and observed the countryside.
We rented our apartment to friends while we were abroad.
the bottleneck in mail delivery is the process of sorting.
The car backed up and hit the tree.
they advertised the durability of their products.
marriage vows.
he's in the nick.
modulate the pitch.
normative discipline.
a rich collection of antiques.
a soughing wind in the pines.
the area covered can be seen from Figure 2.
for magnificence and personal service there is the Queen's hotel.
they ran a feature on retirement planning.
The State of California prosecuted O.J. Simpson.
she wore her hair in an amazing construction of whirls and ribbons.
irregularly shaped solids.
he prefers to throw sidearm.
he couldn't calculate the cost of the collection.
the Confederate army was a vast grey.
when bending the elbow the triceps are the antagonist.
seen from behind, the house is more imposing than it is from the front.
the upper stories.
a water-repellent fabric.
head off a confrontation.
visual defects.
a real dogfight for third place.
How does one access the attic in this house?.
the lock was secure.
they dumped the waste illegally.
our plans began to take shape.
How many credits is this student carrying?.
He had an insulin shock after eating three candy bars.
an unheated room.
a shrunken old man.
The vessel was shipwrecked.
They adhered to their plan.
played a secondary role in world events.
the little boy's parents think he is spirited, but his teacher finds him unruly.
the words were scribbled in pencil.
libidinous orgies.
his conscience reproached him with the equivocal character of the union into which he had forced his son.
the cadenced crunch of marching feet.
What does the law say?.
he talked little about his family.
The big ship coaled.
the Revolutionary era.
mathematical precision.
He googled the woman he had met at the party.
The lock snapped shut.
The rebels had planned turmoil and confusion.
screen the suitcases.
conceptual discussions.
the tennis fathers ruled in her favor.
The second officer covered the top floor.
The King decreed that all firstborn males should be killed.
high-priced merchandise.
the pianist slurred the most beautiful passage in the sonata.
the only city of any size in that area.
a novel told in burbly panting tones.
a central position.
This exercise will strengthen your upper body.
no evidence that the choking was done by the accused.
the whole floor complained about the lack of heat.
map one's future.
My son is farming in California.
receptive to the proposals.
gained valuable experience in amateur theatricals.
New York is the commercial heartbeat of America.
a single survivor.
A weathered old hut.
the music department provided studios for their students.
noncompetitive positions.
magnanimous toward his enemies.
he had a bowel movement.
a risque story.
an unfertilized egg.
Theodore Roosevelt said `Speak softly but carry a big stick'.
I heard this story firsthand.
she works nearby.
professional organizations.
he listened for the results on the radio.
a well-wired house.
cervical cancer.
a sporting chance.
the road will bring other incidental advantages.
muddy coffee.
He retracted his earlier statements about his religion.
give the orders.
he was unwantedly friendly.
a heated argument.
smothering heat.
we searched the files thoroughly.
administer the last unction.
I thought to find her in a bad state.
experimental psychologists measure the elapsed time from the onset of the stimulus to its recognition by the observer.
They computerized the car industry.
he could not believe the meter reading.
his stock was so high he could have been elected mayor.
draw the shades.
The hard work took its toll on her.
greenhouse gases.
I can't make out the faces in this photograph.
the tramp of military boots.
Baghdad is one of the great cities of the Muslim world.
a protective mother.
Darwinian thought.
the mechanics of prose style.
he could hear them uttering merry speeches.
make lead into gold.
choke a carburetor.
a daily paper.
he didn't make a move to help.
The pedestrian misdirected the out-of-town driver.
he gave the dog a smart blow.
endowed with charming manners.
felt discouraged by the magnitude of the problem.
a morose and unsociable manner.
wage stabilization is necessary for industrial peace.
the offense was unintentional.
the determination of molecular structures.
he is a cut above the rest.
They turned away the crowd at the gate of the governor's mansion.
was transferred up to headquarters.
a kind of splendiferous native simplicity.
They topped off their dinner with a cognac.
he had become complacent after years of success.
materials loomed in Egypt.
a bathetic novel.
She perfumes herself every day.
concerned parents of youthful offenders.
marshal facts or arguments.
the cultured votary of science.
travel the oceans.
I am standing my ground and won't give in!.
the average income in New England is below that of the nation.
suffered exquisite pain.
the computer is outputting the data from the job I'm running.
the days were fair and the winds were favorable.
the play had bookings throughout the summer.
his arguments seemed shallow and tedious.
a critical point in the campaign.
The discovery of the skull riveted the paleontologists.
specified a precise amount.
We took a pay cut.
the sun is low.
The frightened children bunched together in the corner of the classroom.
presidential aides.
Let's reinforce good behavior.
fields of tame blueberries.
the grim aftermath of the bombing.
the surrounding countryside.
the vowellike nature of `r'.
weighs around a hundred pounds.
moth-eaten theories about race.
they achieved his debarment from holding public office.
the body of the car was badly rusted.
She turned up HIV positive.
was interested to hear about her family.
the Vietnamese countryside.
it is very familiar to the initiate.
The road divaricates here.
we lived on opposite sides of the street.
statutory law.
the body has a system of organs for digestion.
as the sun moved he readjusted the shade.
a committee was appointed to oversee the reorganization of the curriculum.
Russia's final hour, it seemed, approached with inexorable certainty.
I've always had a liking for reading.
a remunerative business.
we pay the freight.
a hollow victory.
did you finally connect with your long-lost cousin?.
a trail leading to an unfrequented lake.
a big wind.
the operating conditions of the oxidation pond.
See that the curtains are closed.
deft fingers massaged her face.
Work out your problems with the boss.
The Rolls Royce caught us near the exit ramp.
a union of loosely federated states.
in a light doze.
psychotherapeutic sessions.
short on experience.
an emerging professional class.
a dutiful child.
no one can live forever.
he lost face.
We cannot air this X-rated song.
a spherical object.
the American dream.
break a record.
Mays made the catch with his back to the plate.
he detected a note of sarcasm.
invalidate a contract.
a commodious building suitable for conventions.
These political movements recrudesce from time to time.
the economically ascendant class.
he won't step into his father's footsteps.
The wolf was tamed and evolved into the house dog.
The scream pierced the night.
Heart disease can get the best of us.
spray water on someone.
A thought came to me.
a hot laboratory.
a haphazard plan of action.
The bank offers a good deal on new mortgages.
did it with no help.
permanent brain damage.
primitive societies.
grappling with financial difficulties.
drugs have become a sickness they cannot cure.
landed at a shingly little beach.
his nearest approach to success.
the involved muscles.
a thickening plot.
the kitchen smelled really funky.
a dark day.
This measure crippled our efforts.
the Episcopal hierarchy.
they admired his scrupulous professional integrity.
a purgatory of drug abuse.
The apartment overlooks the Hudson.
a volcanic cone is a conical mountain or hill built up of material from volcanic eruptions.
She uses her influential friends to get jobs.
a small noisy dog.
Touch the stone for good luck.
put on special buses for the big game.
a poor wayfaring stranger.
a year hence it will be forgotten.
a marvelous collection of rare books.
the cleaning lady comes on alternate Wednesdays.
a homing beacon.
a double (binary) star.
an orthodox view of the world.
Jewish theology.
she was inordinately smart.
historical (or historic) times.
I see the lights of a town ahead.
an incomplete forward pass.
his writing was full of parentheticals.
she had a catchy little routine.
he was a stern yet fair master.
she admitted publicly to being a communist.
The prisoner tugged at the chains.
he gave a final set to his hat.
the play is an adaptation of a short novel.
justice was for sale before the reform of the law courts.
tripped over a pile of magazines.
the train moved ahead slowly.
the evidence was strikingly absent.
undocumented tax deductions.
an illustrious achievement.
he paid the bill last month.
regions rich in vegetal products.
the knife is rather dull.
a low-pitched roof.
the invasion acted as a catalyst to unite the country.
black-and-white film.
lower a rating.
a checkerboard has 64 squares.
he enjoyed his relief from responsibility.
a neat set of rules.
cutting-edge technology.
the lead role was played by an import from Sweden.
soap cuts grease.
the dictionary had many pictures.
the backbone is the part of a communication network that carries the heaviest traffic.
a sophisticated lifestyle.
they were wearied with the foulness of the weather.
they built a factory on the outskirts of the city.
an annual trip to Paris.
the base of the lamp.
on even terms.
2000 square feet of usable office space.
I can't seem to learn these Chinese characters.
a sound timber.
after several hours of sinking an unexpected rally rescued the market.
need any help we can get.
he is exploiting the students.
he used a handcart to carry the rocks away.
a border of annual flowering plants.
You would do well to say nothing more.
We had to swim for 20 minutes to reach the shore.
he gave me an assist with the housework.
he had an absolute zeal for litigation.
they received $10 each.
he could barely see through the fogged window.
some undefined sense of excitement.
an exemplary jail sentence.
the written part of the exam.
vestal virgin.
They styled their nation `The Confederate States'.
She played the third movement very beautifully.
slack water.
She trotted the horse home.
a perilous voyage across the Atlantic in a small boat.
the mint tea is infusing.
marriage is a serious matter.
there were not enough seats for all the guests.
the out basket.
the rise and fall of the tides.
the cleat had two horns.
a Utopian believes in the ultimate perfectibility of man.
Our sponsor kept our art studio going for as long as he could.
a fiery desert wind.
as nimble as a deer.
Wood makes good furniture.
beads of sweat on his forehead.
Stay with me, please.
a slimy substance covered the rocks.
She gave the boy a good spanking.
offload the van.
indecorous behavior.
The demonstrators plastered the hallways with posters.
membranous gastritis.
young American women believe that a bare midriff is fashionable.
we must act rationally.
copper-sheathed.
major scales.
we'll adjourn here for lunch and discuss the remaining issues this afternoon.
All major networks carried the press conference.
his meeting with the salesmen was the high point of his day.
The airwaves carry the sound.
ancient Greek had the dual form but it has merged with the plural form in modern Greek.
indisputable evidence of a witness.
contrary to popular belief, glaucoma is not always caused by elevated intraocular pressure.
The article about the artist inspired the exhibition of his recent work.
he looked around for the right size bit.
a high-velocity shell.
fully accountable for what they did.
a short-haired dog.
he paused uncertainly.
in certain conditions previously inhibited conditioned reactions can reappear.
young people.
simplex system.
The couple were necking in the back seat of the car.
a rise in interest rates is often contemporaneous with an increase in inflation.
myriad stars.
sexual reproduction.
longitudinal measurements of the hull.
a colitis flare.
the nomination was brief and to the point.
he believed all the Marxist dogma.
We cut through the neighbor's yard to get home sooner.
towel your hair dry.
The parcel bulked in the sack.
was cold to his advances.
she repeated `So pleased with how its going' at intervals like a mantra.
a model of clarity.
an almost insensible change.
surprised that he remembered my name.
irregular troops.
the party was quite an affair.
the sentry stayed in his box to avoid the cold.
bound volumes.
for a thousand years the Roman Catholic Church was the principal church of Christendom.
I mean no harm.
lay the books on the table.
He alluded to the problem but did not mention it.
The bullet penetrated her chest.
Negative campaigning will only dissuade people.
these two factors are directly related.
the nails were clinched.
the students contrast considerably in their artistic abilities.
They fell out of favor.
He trips every weekend.
fun ranging from slapstick clowning ... to savage mordant wit.
I assume his train was late.
her severe upbringing had left her inhibited.
launch a career.
the Quran is divided in 114 suras.
This year's crop yielded 1,000 bushels of corn.
she sets a fine table.
The mere thought of an isolation cell panicked the prisoners.
bullets were fired into the crowd at random.
The senator said he would oppose the bill.
three cars had jumped the rails.
dot your `i's.
the wings of a bee and those of a hummingbird are analogous.
an excessive growth of bureaucracy, with attendant problems.
Abraham begot Isaac.
Scavenge a street.
a gentle slope.
he assigned a series of problems of increasing hardness.
they made a futile play for power.
an occult fracture.
a coccoid microorganism.
He loaded his gun carefully.
her face was blemished.
an interfering old woman.
strong medicine.
hasty marriage seldom proveth well.
my brain is swimming after the bottle of champagne.
I tried to describe his appearance to the police.
The kid busted up the car.
he had become an institution in the theater.
an unpleasant personality.
spent many happy days on the beach.
Congress...gave the impression of...a confusing sum of disconnected local forces.
a prosperous new business.
the regionally differentiated results.
a squelched rumor.
were all asleep when the phone rang.
the fire produced a tower of black smoke that could be seen for miles.
She renounced her husband.
Birds are being urbanized by people in outdoor cafes feeding them.
they admired his performance under stress.
I felt partly to blame.
one unfortunately sees historic features carelessly lost when estates fall into unsympathetic hands.
`brickle' and `brickly' are dialectal.
desperadoes from the hills regularly roared in to take over the town.
mural painting.
the findings in the gastrointestinal tract indicate that he died several hours after dinner.
this car consumes a lot of gas.
blue language.
literature of permanent value.
a close friend.
in due course.
Bob Dylan occupied the top slot for several weeks.
crucial information.
terminal cancer.
Keep on working!.
he could not control the sinking of his legs.
all the world loves a lover.
a piquant wit.
automation replaces human workers by machines.
in defense he said the other man started it.
Look to your friends for support.
Dutch painting.
sleepiness causes many driving accidents.
undecided voters.
arenaceous grasses.
He hugged her close to him.
a commotion of people fought for the exits.
light infantry.
The mother told the child to get dressed.
a cagey avoidance of a definite answer.
tuck in the sheet.
patrimonial estate.
platoons of tourists poured out of the busses.
goods now on sale.
funds essential to the completion of the project.
The landlord retained the security deposit.
I don't like the looks of this place.
My parents like to bowl on Friday nights.
he cannot sing in tune.
at night in bed...his slowly ranging thoughts...encountered her.
large meteorites actually come from the asteroid belt.
a close formation of ships.
it looks like new.
harmonize a building with those surrounding it.
found themselves in a bad way financially.
an oracular message.
The bad state of her child's health demoralizes her.
legal terminology.
Slaves were enfranchised in the mid-19th century.
In some states, criminals are executed.
matched teams.
the celebration of marriage.
well-supported allegations.
The archers were drawing their bows.
the feeder discharged feed into a trough for the livestock.
occupation of a building without a certificate of occupancy is illegal.
the prosm disperses light.
stucco the ceiling.
he held a large block of the company's stock.
personal magnetism.
diurnal flowers are open during the day and closed at night.
the basement was inundated after the storm.
her resistance melted under his charm.
the bullet didn't come close.
The old cheese was crawling with maggots.
a COD parcel.
block out the strong sunlight.
he has a total blackout for events of the evening.
dendriform sponges.
the network's homogenization of political news.
the iris has an ensiform leaf.
the snoopy neighbor watched us all day.
had a tall burly frame.
he climbed into the crotch of a tree.
We have a big barrel to catch the rainwater.
his fingers have learned gentleness.
rustic farmers.
an antisocial deed.
of gentle blood.
the urbanized Eastern states.
those were the days.
We resumed the negotiations.
smoky sausages.
a difficult child.
She observed that his presentation took up too much time.
The nasal assimilates to the following consonant.
Smash a plate.
he left his farm to his survivors.
he emptied the contents of his pockets.
questionable motives.
completely inappropriate behavior.
a dizzy pinnacle.
highlight the area above your eyebrows.
he stops by daily.
a novel with a contrived ending.
everything is uncertain about the army.
deceiving the unsuspecting public.
a heavy schedule.
Hang that picture on the wall.
sow suspicion or beliefs.
fair deal.
puffy off-shore winds.
Your education qualifies you for this job.
The clock says noon.
see under for further discussion.
clerical skills.
the vigilant eye of the town watch.
the medical services are excellent.
what is the date today?.
a stinging comment.
make one's way into the forest.
woolly-headed ideas.
solicitous parents.
re-write a play for use in schools.
they got a bad connection and could hardly hear one another over the background signals.
other people's dreams are dreadfully wearisome.
an elementary need for love and nurturing.
he was aggressive and imperious; positive in his convictions.
the earthquake was a disaster.
they visit New York on occasion.
the mysticism so foreign to the French mind and temper.
pretty big.
the artful dodger.
unfounded suspicions.
rag that old tune.
he heard the screen slam as she left.
it was hell on earth.
libidinal impulses.
a spanking breeze is a boon to sailors.
stubby fingers.
Pythagoras was the first true mathematician.
Vary the menu.
a point is defined by its coordinates.
the woolly aphid has a lanate coat resembling cotton.
gritrock is siliceous sandstone.
extra ribs as well as other supernumerary internal parts.
Catalan independence movement.
He is keeping three women in the guest cottage.
a disappointing performance from one who had seemed so promising.
had many crowned teeth.
Before God I swear I am innocent.
She posited her hand on his shoulder.
bought some made goods at the local store; rope and nails.
Kids were kiting in the park.
the apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives is based on the relative population of each state.
the wages of sin is death.
I acquired a passing knowledge of Chinese.
a sneak attack.
We barely made it to the finish line.
The paint in my house is peeling off.
they went to a movie every Saturday night.
matters came to a head yesterday.
real objects.
there was no overlap between their proposals.
the local seemed to take forever to get to New York.
Harry finally seduced Sally.
he is a man of character.
The students were penalized for showing up late for class.
he ordered a cup of coffee.
what a bally (or blinking) nuisance.
a steam-powered locomotive.
a categorical denial.
a gossip session.
a disagreeable old man.
one place or another.
all politicians are alike.
the mutable ways of fortune.
faux pearls.
tramp down the grass.
his bare feet projected from his trousers.
pulled by a yoke of oxen.
She hennas her hair every month.
the team is a unit.
local schools.
His playing approaches that of Horowitz.
a cozy nook near the fire.
heavy humor.
did outstanding work in human relations.
an elastic clause in a contract.
rampant aggression.
undressed hides.
they had brandy in the library.
a nasty shock.
a rough answer.
a surgical air strike.
the burdensome task of preparing the income tax return.
too yellow to stand and fight.
parents are answerable for their child's acts.
unmerited treatment of a potentially fine subject.
could be alone in a crowded room.
that is one possible answer.
a curious hybrid accent.
there was a chemical reaction of the lime with the ground water.
mulled cider.
candidates must compete in a trial of skill.
an unsparing critic.
a half chicken.
the outboard section of a wing.
We questioned the survivor about the details of the explosion.
Nothing occurred that seemed important.
The engine finally went.
villagers shun the area believing it to be cursed.
an expert job.
Falsify a claim.
he enjoys an exaggerated reputation for probity.
I informed him of his rights.
a superior ruler.
she sat astride the chair.
The bird landed on the highest branch.
denizens of the deep.
he shed his image as a pushy boss.
spherically shaped.
a calculated insult.
recuperate one's losses.
foamy (or frothy) beer.
of indeterminate age.
riotous living.
felt panicked before each exam.
a deep space probe.
we may possibly run into them at the concert.
she was wonderfully alive for her age.
an unsecured note.
cleanly in their persons and habitations.
she seems to avoid much in the way of recognition or acknowledgement of feminist work prior to her own.
the walls were covered with pictures.
they won the election even though they offered no positive program.
a remarkable degree of frankness.
I am overlooking her work.
on red-letter nights a large gathering greeted the celebrity.
many problems remain unresolved.
a restless mobile society.
he swung late on the fastball.
The crowd converged on the movie star.
After the accident, they grounded the plane and the pilot.
a special medication for arthritis.
a coarse weave.
The sales clerk snapped a reply at the angry customer.
The prisoners fell to work right away.
Google uses text-matching to find web pages containing a particular text.
the inevitable changes of the seasons.
whole brothers and sisters.
no doctor is infallible.
the noisy voice of the waterfall.
the gunman blasted away.
The constant friction wore out the cloth.
a stern face.
an affable smile.
the Ainu are indigenous to the northernmost islands of Japan.
mystical religion.
an unprecedented expansion in population and industry.
wild colors.
a federal system like that of the United States.
a diligent search of the files.
The same family has been editing the influential newspaper for almost 100 years.
The small canoe could be ported easily.
the adhesion of Seville was decisive.
a famed scientist.
leave your child the nurse's care.
The bear stores fat for the period of hibernation when he doesn't eat.
comb your hair.
his appetite for facts was better than his digestion.
sitting primly with uncrossed legs.
camels hate leaving their mates.
I commend my children to you.
you can take your pick.
he laid a fire in the hearth and lit it.
the reticulate veins of a leaf.
shallow people.
a fecund imagination.
distinguishable differences between the twins.
I assured him that traveling to Cambodia was safe.
you're getting warm.
scatter cards across the table.
leverage the money that is already available.
upper-level management.
the government must do its part.
Don't drop the dishes.
what is the correlation between those two variables?.
The consonant reduplicates after a short vowel.
his accusing glare.
He nodded his approval.
a river two miles broad.
the black economy pays no taxes.
the loading took 2 hours.
a grown woman.
an airy apparition.
she goes farthest in helping us.
blushful mists.
select peaches.
plain utilitarian kitchenware.
The sun dipped below the horizon.
reduce one's standard of living.
He is probably out of the country.
frail humanity.
offensive odors.
their preparation was more than adequate.
membranous lining.
Quantize gravity.
a falcate leaf.
covalent bond.
depressed by the loss of his job.
private property.
an unregistered citizen.
Create one a peer.
she made a grand entrance.
a quiet inoffensive man.
classicism often derived its models from the ancient Greeks and Romans.
the cancellation of the concert was due to the rain.
a secret key or password is required for decryption.
The facts extend beyond a consideration of her personal assets.
an ingenuous admission of responsibility.
always before he had been able to outwit his pursuers.
a cold penetrating wind.
a refreshing inoffensive stimulant.
He angers easily.
Catalan poetry.
set the rules.
vigorous opposition to the war.
live copy is ready to be set in type or already set but not yet proofread.
The current system lends itself to great abuse.
thanks to hard work it was a great success.
worried by the worsening storm.
an absolute guarantee to respect the nation's authority.
neglected his health and paid the penalty.
wool has more body than rayon.
a beggar's masquerade of wealth.
a dramatic rescue at sea.
noble deeds.
She is looking to a promotion.
efforts to obtain a clean bass in orchestral recordings.
he always bought his clothes at the same store.
lard meat.
the chair rocked rhythmically back and forth.
a realistic novel.
a violent rage.
this cost him dear.
it is certain that they were on the bus.
several sightings of enemy troops were reported.
the grandiosity of his prose.
stones laid in a pattern.
shaggy untrimmed locks.
this plant roots quickly.
shortbread is a short crumbly cookie.
an influential newspaper.
genuine leather.
a somewhat dog-eared duke...a bit run down.
put inappropriate pressure on them.
she has a thing about him.
a formative influence.
a little church with a squat tower.
She is trespassing upon my privacy.
a rearward movement.
the understood provisos of a custody agreement.
little a.
he is a quick study.
The young woman is fleshing out.
a lot of money.
Can you connect the two loudspeakers?.
Her work in the developing world radicalized her.
fine hairs.
the evidence amply (or fully) confirms our suspicions.
She was declared incompetent.
fragmentary remains.
the Nazi interpretation of history.
Her old vigor returned.
an eldritch screech.
overcast books.
pull the ball.
revolutionary pamphlets.
costly jewelry.
a partially obstructed passageway.
The Woodstock generation attempted to swing freely.
when the recovered patient tries to remember what occurred during his delirium.
farming is a hard means of subsistence.
blown soil mounded on the window sill.
an overwhelming majority.
the habitable world.
he enlivened his editorials with barbed thrusts at politicians.
the road goes around the pond.
what was the date of submission of your proposal?.
a matter-of-fact account of the trip.
saw a number of small houses nestled against the hillside.
thirsty fields under a rainless sky.
a tripping singing measure.
trim an airplane.
tossed a rousing political comment into the conversation.
Afrikaner support.
This wall forms the background of the stage setting.
mineral rights.
streaked hair.
This material doesn't give.
an invisible hinge.
simmering water.
They tied their victim to the chair.
a simple substance.
a man of statesmanlike judgment.
I loathe that man.
She left her position with the Red Cross.
a baronial mansion.
the right side of the cloth showed the pattern.
Judaism, Christianity, and Islam each has a special claim on Abraham.
The children were severely trounced.
the BBC's engineering division.
a stunning detonation with volumes of black smoke.
a notional response to the question.
the death sentence was commutable to life imprisonment.
the perfect setting for a ghost story.
frogs are amphibious animals.
He was balancing on one foot.
She neutralized the solution.
the swallows glided in an effortless way through the busy air.
a purse of simulated alligator hide.
costumes were changed backstage.
the Pietistic movement.
operational difficulties.
the soldiers stood at attention.
the party went well.
bone-crushing.
he enjoyed the street noises.
a high-level corporate briefing.
a loose organization of the local farmers.
write your name in the space provided.
The wrestler twisted his shoulder.
he went outside for a smoke.
they forget to solder the contacts.
a plane took off with a tremendous noise.
the writing in her novels is excellent.
a vulgar gesture.
a standing jump.
he tried to estimate the value of the produce at normal prices.
a baffling problem.
an arch criminal.
a spick-and-span kitchen.
ethical codes.
gore a skirt.
my retrieval of people's names is very poor.
the force of his eloquence easily persuaded them.
cellular walls.
olympian detachment.
They named their son David.
real wages.
swing forward.
adjusting to an insane society is total foolishness.
the teacher gave him a talking to.
the child showed signs of physical abuse.
the stress was more on accuracy than on speed.
the future looked black.
prices are down.
the generic name.
a problematic situation at home.
the invention of the microscope led to the discovery of the cell.
the moon's disk hung in a cloudless sky.
he knocked off the corners.
the okapi is a short-necked primitive cousin of the giraffe.
Let's avoid a confrontation.
they need working agreements with their neighbor states on interstate projects.
a supporting wall.
unaware of the newborn hope.
drunk and unfit for service.
the choking June dust.
The teenager left home.
a defensive formation.
He ridged his corn.
gruff voices.
gave silent consent.
drove his car with nonchalant abandon.
chagrined at the poor sales of his book.
functional education selects knowledge that is concrete and usable rather than abstract and theoretical.
three feet wide.
The French family was naturalized last year.
he got the promotion by behaving deviously.
this year's model has an improved clutch.
members of the opposite sex.
extravagant praise.
diminutive in stature.
Your role in the projects precludes your involvement in the competitive project.
continental drift.
volatile oils.
it was about 500 square feet in area.
The foreign team upset the local team.
She divested herself of her outdoor clothes.
two executive hopefuls joined the firm.
The mountain climbers had to fend against the ice and snow.
a tightly-fitting cover.
the computer has supplanted the slide rule.
Nilotic syntax.
the atmosphere was thick with fog.
it was too dark to determine his identity.
his refutation of the charges was short and persuasive.
a crack shot.
a sure (or trusted) friend.
clarify the mystery surrounding her death.
yellow and blue are complementaries.
a flowering plant.
the disheartened instructor tried vainly to arouse their interest.
sacred music.
The tugboat tugged the freighter into the harbor.
regulations for the governing of state prisons.
he takes the lead in any group.
the tintinnabulation that so voluminously swells from the ringing and the dinging of the bells.
a heavy blow.
a great assortment of cars was on display.
He clears $5,000 each month.
a worldwide epidemic.
some remember better than others.
asphyxiating gasses.
he had a queasy feeling.
a landscape of blurred outlines.
She sowed sunflower seeds.
so little republican and so much aristocratic sentiment.
the duodecimal number system.
inner circles of government.
obstruction of justice.
a nonspatial continuum.
Government and business could not agree.
She profited from his vast experience.
followed the match with breathless interest.
a residential hotel.
he demanded exactness in all details.
they installed a second hatch as an escape.
the bank announced its first loan to a post-communist country.
The listeners bolted when he discussed his strange ideas.
I like to look ahead in imagination to what the future may bring.
let's do this job first.
the family is one of the great stabilizing elements in society.
they were rough and determined fighting men.
sensational journalistic reportage of the scandal.
Canada is a member of the United Nations.
Halt the process.
the embarrassing moment when she found her petticoat down around her ankles.
Babylonian religion.
sheer wine.
led a clean life.
the pilot reported two kills during the mission.
The epidemic depopulated the countryside.
clear reds and blues.
an appositive noun.
the blossoms were kissed by the soft rain.
medicative drugs.
it was a long pull but we made it.
the dim utopian future.
her erstwhile writing.
woven cloth originated in Mesopotamia around 5000 BC.
the apple trees fructify.
his victory is a certainty.
a smooth ingratiating manner.
I warned you that I would ask some difficult questions.
they rode the same wave of popular patriotism.
an action exemplary of his conduct.
a featured item at the sale.
rights peculiar to the rich.
she wondered whether it would snow tonight.
run a process.
degenerative diseases of old age.
make way for.
verbal aptitude.
She kept reiterating her request.
Her rudeness intensified his dislike for her.
the houses were swept away in the torrent.
they liked to race cross-country.
through traffic.
can't you carry me decent?.
an insightful parent.
These boots are not yet suppled by frequent use.
the social organism.
the book will appear shortly.
This drug expectorates quickly.
The children squinted so as to scare each other.
crooked teeth.
an Englishman would interrupt a war to have his afternoon tea.
carry out a task.
a dopey answer.
gray flannel suit.
they demonstrated the transmission of impulses from the cortex to the hypothalamus.
She sang very musically.
The radiologist can visualize the cancerous liver.
fast-breaking news.
my watch is fast.
gigantic disappointment.
sporting blood.
larval crayfishes.
abdominal muscles.
a wizened little man with frizzy grey hair.
a pale sun.
and in softness almost beyond hearing.
frequent penetrative observations.
diffused light.
pure and vestal modesty.
Her blood left a stain on the napkin.
behavioral sciences.
hard labor.
she played the part of Desdemona.
the girls hated it when he tried to sneak a feel.
had to steer the car down a twisty track.
interracial schools.
They slaughtered their only goat to survive the winter.
the fewest birds in recent memory.
an infelicitous remark.
his adolescent protest consisted of willful neglect of all his responsibilities.
he visited several European countries.
the shortstop got the runner at second on a force.
a timid yielding person.
slit the throat of the victim.
he tried to give his falsehood the gloss of moral sanction.
calendered paper.
she had a very clear speech pattern.
they say that Hitler listened only to Wagner.
the company operated at a loss last year.
This table would serve very well.
The harmonium was droning on.
raise the roof.
a good grounding in mathematics.
a challenging hypothesis.
your information is wrong.
violate the sanctity of the church.
a distant telephone call.
a man of action.
Stretch your legs!.
very soon you will know differently.
he recited the whole poem without a single trip.
an insoluble problem.
diversified scenery.
the enemy offered little resistance.
These techniques permit us to dimension the human heart.
The advertisement is intended to tease the customers.
something frantic in their gaiety.
36 is a multiple of 9.
the emptiness of outer space.
a poor sport.
a perceptive observation.
he was employed to see that his paper's news pitches were not trespassed upon by rival vendors.
a super party.
reserved and cautious; never making swift decisions.
the wings of the birds clapped loudly.
She haunts the ballet.
an autogiro is supported in flight by unpowered rotating wings.
In Vermont, the leaves turn early.
his favorite dysphemism was to ask for axle grease when he wanted butter.
How are these two observations related?.
grind the spices in a mortar.
a musical evening.
this device permits detection of defects in the lungs.
his loss of credibility led to his resignation.
in the early 1950s computers were large and expensive and unreliable.
depreciation of the dollar against the yen.
caparison the horses for the festive occasion.
speckle the wall with tiny yellow spots.
he had the audacity to question my decision.
a modern economical heating system.
I reassured him that we were safe.
score a penalty shot or free throw.
stared with wide eyes.
cut diamonds.
a breathless flight.
The horse was domesticated a long time ago.
phallic worship.
the action is no longer in technology stocks but in municipal bonds.
understanding affine transformations requires considerable mathematical sophistication.
The company is heavily advertizing their new laptops.
The Democrats still have some cards to play before they will concede the electoral victory.
there was never a letup in the noise.
a preliminary investigation.
Bread was rationed during the siege of the city.
a pursuer of truth.
a lethal injection.
The football star was tried for the murder of his wife.
impure thoughts.
metal fatigue.
orchestral score.
The company has not profited from the merger.
deaf to her warnings.
a large effect.
tricky Dick.
hoist the flags.
Muskrat Castle as the house has been facetiously named by some waggish officer.
he hated tight starched collars.
Roentgen discovered X-rays.
I meant it facetiously.
enemy fire was intense.
it would be well to start early.
the home team had a comfortable lead.
got his way by labyrinthine maneuvering.
recoverable truth of a past event.
exemplary behavior.
a staged version of the novel.
stub out your cigarette now.
the hum of distant traffic.
The company terminated 25% of its workers.
there were lone gentlemen and gentlemen accompanied by their wives.
a bungling performance.
old people.
determinate variations in animals.
their military is the largest in the region.
strolled through the museum with a bored air.
he put his golf bag in the trunk.
they suffered a convincing licking.
I pledge my honor.
anchored close aboard another ship.
The nanny acted quickly by grabbing the toddler and covering him with a wet towel.
Henry's nickname was Slim.
the attribution of language to birds.
deep-seated differences of opinion.
Season the chicken breast after roasting it.
fragile items require separation and cushioning.
sentimental soap operas.
They were awakened to the sad facts.
he wanted to achieve power and prestige.
The Senate emasculated the law.
urban sociology.
Don't pry into my personal matters!.
a directional microphone.
our late President is still very active.
raise a family.
pop the clutch.
the cradle was ornately carved.
they put out quite a spread.
ghastly wounds.
he studied the faulting of the earth's crust.
it seemed a pity to disturb the drowsing (or dozing) professor.
their holiday was spent in sleep and vegetation.
a serpentine wall.
he showered her with caresses.
fix your eyes on this spot.
scientists will not believe an experimental result until they have seen at least one replication.
the priest sat for confession.
up to some funny business.
the territorial government of the Virgin Islands.
an insolvent person.
a union-shop clause in the contract.
he felt a throbbing in his head.
The system is thrashing again!.
you may actually be doing the right thing by walking out.
soundless footsteps on the grass.
the duties of the job.
a friend in New Mexico said that the order caused no trouble out there.
he caught the express to New York.
a sexual spore is formed after the fusion of gametes.
jam every other day.
a later symptom of the disease.
He tipped off the police about the terrorist plot.
he went out to have a look.
a broad movement of the electorate to the right.
wild and harsh country full of hot sand and cactus.
authority for the program was renewed several times.
uniformed policemen lined the President's route.
She reenacted what had happened earlier that day.
their devotion to each other was beautiful.
agricultural engineering.
render thanks.
The toy company went bankrupt after the competition hired cheap Mexican labor.
she rouged her cheeks.
The exposed tree scorched in the hot sun.
The bird poised for a few moments before it attacked.
a tantalizing taste of success.
She loves to ride her new motorcycle through town.
send two dollars or the equivalent in stamps.
remarks that were to the point.
The old man worried his beads.
an exception tests the rule.
She made us look silly.
a person of hot blood.
a pang of conscience.
The tubing needs to be jacketed.
You are plainly wrong.
a late development.
suddenly the board lit up like a Christmas tree.
exude sweat through the pores.
he was late for chapel.
lay the patient carefully onto the bed.
disdaining outside pressure groups.
disposable assets.
She revived after the doctor gave her an injection.
a consolidation of two corporations.
friable sandstone.
a darkling journey.
free of racism.
The neighbors accused the man of spousal abuse.
the uncertainty of the outcome.
The stock traded around $20 a share.
certain highly specialized xerophytes are extremely exacting in their requirements.
bearded wheatgrass.
Protein digests in a few hours.
The sidewalk deformed during the earthquake.
he studied his reflection in the mirror.
a fox kit.
a nonstop flight to Atlanta.
waxen candles.
make sure the gear is engaged.
the end of the year.
groom the dogs.
either too unsophisticated or too honest to promise more than he could deliver.
his mental measurings proved remarkably accurate.
This sign marks the border.
He thinks of himself as a brilliant musician.
automatize the production.
His vision was impaired.
traveled around in Asia.
hurt by a careless remark.
had a dizzy spell.
a baby bat...fluffy and weightless as a moth.
offshore oil reserves.
vocational school.
a partial description of the suspect.
His voice projects well.
after the dance the littered and lifeless ballroom echoed hollowly.
Let's gather in the dining room.
the pressure activates the tripper and releases the water.
get it done anyway you can.
childlike trust.
there was a lull in the storm.
We are experimenting with the new drug in order to fight this disease.
student council.
skin from his thigh replaced the burned skin on his arms.
The images are projected onto the screen.
She thought herself into a state of panic over the final exam.
took a battery of achievement tests.
infantile games.
sentient of the intolerable load.
film rights.
supervised play.
baseball rightfully is the nation's pastime.
He is playing his cards close to his chest.
so great was his harassment that he wanted to destroy his tormentors.
we talked strictly business.
women with covered faces.
intense desire.
so many head of cattle.
a 100 mesh screen.
she watched the recording from a sound-proof booth.
the surgeon scanned the X-ray.
a stifled yawn.
a knife sharpener.
he has a job meter reading for the gas company.
he got a refill for his notebook.
efface the memory of the time in the camps.
She badmouths her husband everywhere.
its luminosity is measured relative to that of our sun.
people with type O blood are universal donors.
the pungency of mustard.
then we embarked on the second stage of our Caribbean cruise.
hourly chimes.
hypertrophy of the pharyngeal tonsils is called adenoids.
a moderate penalty.
a terrible curse.
the corn is sprouted.
a tough break.
a repressive regime.
The children went blackberrying.
an intravenous inflammation.
plants of several distinct types.
dinner has gotten cold.
She joined him for a drink.
gave false testimony under oath.
The bacteria suspension was aerosolized.
it's the literal truth.
an iron constitution.
The gun went `bang'.
disobedient children.
We merged our resources.
the teacher's action was corrective rather than instructional.
they decided to make an example of him.
the waves rolled towards the beach.
by diplomatic conduct he avoided antagonizing anyone.
The teacher steered the gifted students towards the more challenging courses.
sound a certain note.
his loved companion of many years.
relatively small groups can sometimes exert immense political leverage.
bank a fire.
a law weighted in favor of landlords.
loosen the tension on a rope.
the rear part of the house.
Don't trespass on my land!.
Finnish architecture.
the beaming sun.
nasal passages.
a face in deep shadow.
two drunken gentlemen holding each other up.
she reigned in magisterial beauty.
The metal solidified when it cooled.
she was duly apprised of the raise.
The gay actor was outed last week.
The cooling lava continued to gutter toward lower ground.
I was here first.
an inextricable knot.
Hunger bloated the child's belly.
freedom from coarse unprincipled calumny.
the work could be done or undone and nobody cared.
in the flood tide of his success.
a secret alcoholic.
Such people can practically be typed.
the true meaning of the statement.
flush the wound with antibiotics.
her manner assumed a dispassion and dryness very unlike her usual tone.
he heard a spatter of gunfire.
it was a strange dragging approach.
a case of steroid-induced weakness.
shoot a golf ball.
snap a football.
a warm debate.
Count the cash in the drawer twice just to cover yourself.
I really care about my work.
the extinction of a species.
The jury had heard all the evidence.
widespread nuclear fallout.
He acted foolishly when he agreed to come.
dashed ambitions and hopes.
the medicine affects my heart rate.
he works part-time.
void a plea.
consolidate fibers into boards.
they compiled an autobiographical history of the movement.
her mind wanders.
a boned (or deboned) fish.
they were disappointed by the poor returns on their stock portfolio.
his lacerating remarks.
prodigal in their expenditures.
he is personally repulsive.
an ironic novel.
the loosely played game.
the carpet rolled out.
he chased the young hellions out of his yard.
phenomenaRl feats of memory.
the unicorn--a mythical horned beast.
He complimented her on her last physics paper.
She tried to cheer up the disappointed child when he failed to win the spelling bee.
a one-humped camel.
tight money.
the roadster had a raisable sunroof.
We almost died laughing during the show.
veiled sounds.
a threefold increase.
The U.S. armed the freedom fighters in Afghanistan.
the government took a firm course.
the antihistamine made her feel more comfortable.
Mourning becomes Electra.
his conversion to the Catholic faith.
the dank climate of southern Wales.
on the threshold of manhood.
she nodded approvingly.
Press little holes into the soft clay.
an out-and-out lie.
We had to brake suddenly when a chicken crossed the road.
I went to a lot of trouble.
a peculiar hobby of stuffing and mounting bats.
puzzled that she left without saying goodbye.
I couldn't get his words out of my head.
The King abdicated when he married a divorcee.
The children frolicked in the garden.
the physician prescribed a commercial preparation of the medicine.
He denounced the government action.
a unitary method was applied.
the momentum of the particles was deduced from meteoritic velocities.
they went slowly forward in the mud.
a house built of hewn logs.
clamant needs.
she was very gifted.
a perfect specimen.
exterior paints.
her exquisite face.
renewable energy such as solar energy is theoretically inexhaustible.
the owner's mark was on all the sheep.
his eyes were shut against the sunlight.
a searching investigation of their past dealings.
He said it was too late to intervene in the war.
After the earthquake, residents were evacuated.
they said their good-byes.
a crying need.
pay attention.
climatic changes.
hazardous duty.
a drop-off in attendance.
how much is the damage?.
the sharpness of her loss.
The nightingale was singing.
it's quite the thing to do.
you should acquaint yourself with your new computer.
You cannot equate success in financial matters with greed.
they sure smell good.
do something rash that he will forever repent.
a pliant nature.
Mars has two satellites.
a Spartan upbringing.
an appeal to the public to keep calm.
The students were made to copy the alphabet over and over.
exotic cuisine.
morbid interest in death.
This borders on discrimination!.
an illegitimate seizure of power.
illustrate a book with drawings.
a figural design.
his absence is the hinge of our plan.
released the prisoner for humanitarian reasons.
intercontinental flights.
the girls were just learning to ride a tricycle.
impatient of criticism.
She shook her finger at the naughty students.
wholesale destruction.
He finally settled down.
street full of flourishing well-patronized shops.
one swallow of the liquid was enough.
he staked his claim.
the object of my affection.
his assumption of office coincided with the trouble in Cuba.
my car is in storage.
the vitreous chamber.
frightened stiff.
unasked advice.
they went their separate ways.
we perceived the change only dimly.
young white women dressed Hollywood style.
here we enter the region of opinion.
the people pushed and shoved to get in line.
military forces ready and waiting.
there were allegations of the withholding of evidence.
a positive demand.
his bureaucratic behavior annoyed his colleagues.
the right-hand rule for inductive fields.
the islands have a number of interesting endemic species.
a diffuse historical novel.
privileged information.
aerial cable cars.
a cool autumn day.
the conclusion of the peace treaty.
received raw treatment from his friends.
telephonic connection.
a telescopic drinking cup.
we travelled east for several miles.
pulmonary disease.
a weak pulse.
Russian is written with the Cyrillic alphabet.
chromosomes are distributed by spindles in mitosis and meiosis.
a photograph is a translation of a scene onto a two-dimensional surface.
a surprisingly impressionistic review bearing marks of hasty composition.
the fighting became hot and heavy.
trust magnates who felt themselves superior to law.
some people living insignificantly among us.
These rivers head from a mountain range in the Himalayas.
he was practically the only guest at the party.
an equable climate.
Run the wire behind the cabinet.
a firm contract.
a stubborn infection.
he was at the head of the column.
dinner is ready.
short in stature.
the mimic warfare of the opera stage.
A declining dollar pulled down the export figures for the last quarter.
produce a new play.
the referee awarded a free kick to the team.
chemically fertilized.
The chrysalis is invaginated.
The shaving cream lathered.
The illegal immigrant was challenged by the border guard.
The front of the trains that had collided head-on thrust up into the air.
a Manichaean conflict between good and evil.
run an errand.
it worked up to right now.
clarify beer.
the problem with achievement tests is the narrowness they impose on students.
a thought-provoking book.
you can be dead sure of my innocence.
these terms were used with a vagueness that suggested little or no thought about what each might convey.
we should have news before long.
grit one's teeth.
there was an understanding between management and the workers.
mournful news.
they treated him rough.
he acts very securely in front of the camera.
A scar slanted across his face.
cosmic rays.
she soaks up foreign languages like a sponge.
clear-cut an acre of forest.
an all-right movie.
They were swept up by the events.
The function is continuously differentiable.
The terrible vision brooded over her all day long.
various experiments have failed to disprove the theory.
proud of her tall stalwart son.
a desperate need for recognition.
When she doesn't like to face a problem, she simply stonewalls.
I misplaced my eyeglasses.
carved into the living stone.
health considerations override financial concerns.
arouse pity.
Croatian villages.
an energetic group of hikers.
his performance was off.
he couldn't suppress his contemptuous accent.
a virtuoso performance.
The new results were promising.
masterful technique.
the carpeted hallway.
appreciative of a beautiful landscape.
the bare skeleton of a novel.
they debated whether nature or nurture was more important.
steam is water is the gaseous state.
a heavy truck.
a sperm is mostly a nucleus surrounded by little other cellular material.
a human being is a social animal.
We must not fail his obligation to the victims of the Holocaust.
police tried to break up the gang.
She thrust the letter into his hand.
the cupboard was bare.
a hot wire.
keep my job for me while I give birth.
deleterious chemical additives.
those who do not appreciate Kafka's work say his style is obscure.
in all likelihood we are headed for war.
the area is well populated.
with her wonted candor.
his motivation was at a high level.
The spotlights played on the politicians.
an angry sore.
The sinners will be tormented in Hell, according to the Bible.
they walk alike.
binocular vision.
civil branches of government.
his only recourse was the police.
this naive simple creature with wide friendly eyes so eager to believe appearances.
give homage.
the privileged few.
the baby was a girl.
a major improvement.
their riotous blooming.
shoot a movie.
when it began to rain he covered his head with a newspaper.
sift through the job candidates.
Malayan crocodiles.
a good knife is one good for cutting.
spiritual beings.
he behaved outrageously.
This drug will sharpen your vision.
the enraged bull attached.
a pompous speech.
the people deified their King.
They turned their flashlights on the car.
the fatal day of the election finally arrived.
the far right.
he is fantasizing when he says he plans to start his own company.
the tradition was still alive.
big bold piano sounds.
a profound silence.
the accident left others discouraged about going there.
disparaging remarks about the new house.
his endless recounting of the incident eventually became unbearable.
the first task is the assignment of an address to each datum.
hang a door.
she wailed with pain.
I have outgrown these clothes.
scrap the old airplane and sell the parts.
he was divested of his rights and his title.
he looked shriveled and ill.
retouch the roots.
an angelic smile.
they say that three moves equal one fire.
choral composition.
We do not recognize your gods.
an ineffective teacher.
the bank is solid and will survive this attack.
Spanish music.
an arrangement of assorted spring flowers.
war left many cities destroyed.
a perfect day.
they had to carry a ramrod as well as powder and ball.
He felt the wind.
Play this lento, please.
they condemned him without a hearing.
unwholesome food.
mash the garlic.
the Sunday service.
The plane landed in Istanbul.
Sound is reflected well in this auditorium.
Florentine art.
his detention was politically motivated.
he was tall and heavyset.
Sinhalese rebels fighting the Tamils.
The fate of Bosnia lies in the hands of the West.
he exhibits a great talent.
facts likely to influence the judgment are called material facts.
design a better mousetrap.
the cognitive operation of remembering.
He followed his lecture with a question and answer period.
intestate property.
the most shocking book of its time.
an attractive force.
pawn your grandfather's gold watch.
Mary's dress is really cool.
his brother's success left him in the shade.
he tried to make is someway acceptable.
a warm temper.
charge the wagon with hay.
drive a car or bus.
armed with permeative irony...he punctures affectations.
Many soldiers fell at Verdun.
Are we driving or flying?.
he bought his brother's business.
a seasonal rise in unemployment.
she reacted unreasonably when she learned she had failed.
a sullen crowd.
accept students for graduate study.
chlorinated water.
corrugate iron.
a Gallic shrug.
advanced societies.
french-fry the potatoes.
Don Roberto.
a tower conspicuous at a great distance.
they died from exposure.
suffering refugees.
Die out leather for belts.
She winked at him.
the governor declared a state of emergency.
he was in the forefront.
it was the biggest peach pick in years.
a healthy baby born at full term.
magnetic north.
hoped his departure had passed unnoticed.
fancy handwriting.
This step presupposes two prior ones.
switch on the light.
He associates with strange people.
travel allowance.
wealthy by inheritance but saving by constitution.
a sunny smile.
Take any one of these cards.
The missionaries evangelized the Pacific Islanders.
boxed announcements in the newspaper.
the right time to act.
beaten gold.
feeling better of late.
the abolition of capital punishment.
let's not discuss it further.
the police are proverbially inquisitive.
His throat inflamed.
cultivated land.
seek happiness.
She was admitted to the New Jersey Bar.
for a career in corrections turn to the web site of the New Jersey Department of Corrections.
The dress molds her beautiful figure.
he had two deaths on his conscience.
Clear snow from the road.
My husband and I like to dance at home to the radio.
a wet bathing suit.
the book is an indictment of modern philosophy.
we now rarely see horse-drawn vehicles on city streets.
The afternoon session begins at 4 PM.
an enthusiastic but unskillful mountain climber.
the valley was between two ranges of hills.
it is said that marjoram has antiseptic qualities.
deaden a ship's headway.
your letter of the 10th inst.
He got AIDS.
Men often father children but don't recognize them.
a native Scot.
motiveless malignity.
there was an indefinite prolongation of the peace talks.
patent ductus arteriosus.
fully acquainted with the facts.
an eruptive disease.
the boat lurched ahead.
he bet $2 on number six to show.
he tried to explain the directional trends of modern science.
the player juggled the ball.
:-( and :-) are emoticons.
after he saw the latest development he changed his mind and became a supporter.
we resumed the interrupted discussion.
the corners of a cube.
She stuffed herself at the dinner.
a right is not something that somebody gives you; it is something that nobody can take away.
a toy stove.
Children learn early on to categorize.
he lost the mate to his shoe.
She added a personal note to her letter.
he was mildly interested.
I could hear several melodic strands simultaneously.
solicitous about her health.
The U.N. troops are working to pacify Bosnia.
Please don't interrupt me while I'm on the phone.
he fell into a deep torpor.
the relatedness of all living things.
she loved her students almost maternally.
the halcyon days of the clipper trade.
the ewe lambed.
he followed behind.
The boss exploded when he heard of the resignation of the secretary.
that boy is powerful big now.
unstructured inkblots.
Interest in his novels waned.
How could I miss that typo?.
He humiliated his colleague by criticising him in front of the boss.
articles for present use.
torrid jazz bands.
is British industry innovative enough?.
he did well despite his withered arm.
the Royal Society.
nobody will get everything he wants; we all must compromise.
meteoric shower.
he took mind-altering drugs for nonmedicinal reasons.
a small mom-and-pop business.
electrons orbit the nucleus.
he owned a network of shops.
an economic theory alien to the spirit of capitalism.
newspapers of the day printed long wordy editorials.
Originally distress was a landlord's remedy against a tenant for unpaid rents or property damage but now the landlord is given a landlord's lien.
The summer sun alone can cause a pine to blaze.
his cuts were skillful.
justice obstructed is not justice.
cereal grasses.
qualitative change.
The curtain ripped from top to bottom.
jugular vein.
could not remain the isolated figure he had been.
Their language inclines us to believe them.
cooking is his forte.
in summer we play outside.
the trunk held all her meager treasures.
We prolonged our stay.
dull and juiceless as only book knowledge can be when it is unrelated to...life.
Try on this sweater to see how it looks.
tainted bacon.
what a boot!.
stands jam-packed with fans.
imperishable truths.
they had a nice stay in Paris.
incriminatory testimony.
effects of the struggle will be violent and disruptive.
a news junkie.
the police made casts of the footprints in the soft earth outside the window.
a counselor tries not to be faultfinding.
he saw action in Korea.
the defense called for a mistrial.
an interested audience.
a born-again Christian.
a fast-paced talker.
a ripe old age.
from rank to rank she darts her ardent eyes.
a deep allegory.
he went back to Sweden to search for his roots.
his prose has a buckram quality.
angelic messenger.
the head of the humerus.
disciplinal measures.
The men were shanghaied after being drugged.
the immediate revisions.
How are we going to deal with this problem?.
the cardboard backing was just a strengthener.
his pictures hang in the Louvre.
they were investigating a series of bank robberies.
the champion is faced with a feisty challenger.
the company's products were in such demand that they got more orders than their call center could handle.
dogs attempting to catch a cold scent.
they were symmetrically arranged.
conversant with business trends.
she made frequent mention of her promotion.
unsung heroes of the war.
technically, a bank's reserves belong to the stockholders.
his quick reaction prevented an accident.
his deposit was refunded when he returned the car.
teasing and worrying with impish laughter.
divine providence.
laws limit the sale of handguns.
his fumbling attempt to put up a shelf.
he had a nasty chafe on his knee.
a commanding view of the ocean.
Your talking interferes with my work!.
he stood in a pool of light.
the Shakespearean Shylock is of dubious value in the modern world.
clothing sizes for husky boys.
a poor shooter.
insipid hospital food.
doubling with a computer took no time at all.
the Moon was bright enough to read by.
Too much rain may blight the garden with mold.
recorded music.
the crowd went crazy.
the coin bears an effigy of Lincoln.
electronic devices.
more wasteful than the squandering of time.
unorganized territories lack a formal government.
Planked shad.
went in the other direction.
any variation in his routine was immediately reported.
you flaming idiot.
a funny thing happened on the way to the....
the fair-haired boy of the literary set.
It is freezing in Kalamazoo.
his gums were dead from the novocain.
I think it a less evil that some criminals should escape than that the government should play an ignoble part.
We are fundraising for AIDS research.
go critical.
a gay sunny room.
nonsectarian colleges.
the job is still open.
an exceptionally adroit pianist.
she was insatiably hungry.
she was delicate and refined and unused to hardship.
conventional forms of address.
coarsen the surface.
was settled in a comfortable job, one for which he was well prepared.
the road runs cross-country.
raise the price of bread.
an isolated pawn.
the opened package lay on the table.
style...is more than the deliberate and designed creation.
The sail jibbed wildly.
whittle a piece of wood.
the fire left her arm badly scarred.
dig the oars into the water.
The dean of students tries to orient the freshmen.
the principle of the conservation of mass.
is there any post for me?.
not breathe a word.
her spoiling my dress was deliberate.
She braved the elements.
he quickly assembled the fitted pieces.
He gave the sign to start.
my faith has been shaken.
The governor should act on the new energy bill.
he was in a bad humor.
a lost generation.
he was ordered to report for induction into the army.
he voluntarily submitted to the fingerprinting.
peripatetic country preachers.
concealed (or hidden) damage.
extract a bad tooth.
the earth shook for several minutes.
John compared his haircut to his friend's.
He pushed the table into a corner.
for your own good.
dry sobs.
a technical report.
the game is 6 all.
imperfect mortals.
a team established as a member of a major league.
a jerkwater college.
rules with specific application.
We take the Times every day.
engineers will work to correct the effects or air resistance.
blistering criticism.
an inventory may be necessary to see if anything is missing.
The lawyer fielded all questions from the press.
he feels he is in the right.
now the Democrats are out.
She was demoted because she always speaks up.
a skin condition.
'tis now the very witching time of night.
perversion also shows up in kinky telephone cords.
rituals totally mystifying to visitors from other lands.
four and four make eight.
a water-repellent coat.
the clubhouse needed a new roof.
tried to give away unwanted kittens.
prepared to take risks.
unrivaled mastery of her art.
Feed the guests the nuts.
her mother is always near.
he finally got his big break.
the ascending plane.
She doesn't believe in the supernatural.
a jovial old gentleman.
he was responsible for the procurement of materials and supplies.
his face remained expressionless as the verdict was read.
prize carnations.
a sure (or true) sign of one's commitment.
We barely made the plane.
education has for its object the formation of character.
This silly excuse won't wash in traffic court.
the rededication of the Temple of Jerusalem.
a backhanded and dishonest way of reaching his goal.
a short-range policy.
don't fall down.
spikes provide greater traction.
he gave us the results in round numbers, but their roundness didn't affect the point he was making.
the battalion was a mere skeleton of its former self.
He plays around with investments but he never makes any money.
Oil whooshed up when the drill hit the well.
She scalded her hands when she turned on the faucet and hot water came out.
a proficient engineer.
the new moon peeped through the tree tops.
so beat I could flop down and go to sleep anywhere.
a hardheaded appraisal of our position.
time-honored institutions.
a major portion (a majority) of the population.
a foreign office.
parts of the trunk of this tree can regrow.
Did you know that she is seeing an older man?.
the path twisted through the forest.
a disjointed fowl.
We marvelled at the child's linguistic abilities.
a dark gloomy day.
he gave it up as a bad job.
low visibility caused by fog.
a summary formulation of a wide-ranging subject.
he patiently played with the child.
they had to decide whether his misconduct was adventitious or the result of a flaw in his character.
Is this hotel room bugged?.
infelicitous circumstances.
diabolical sorcerers under the influence of devils.
third we must consider unemployment.
he was helpless under the reign of his egotism.
he was given credit for his work.
office politics is often counterproductive.
flighty young girls.
a prompt reply.
coin phrases or words.
his name really is George Washington.
her ignored advice.
he was admitted to the bar in New Jersey.
The Kurds are combating Iraqi troops in Northern Iraq.
they had to treat with the King.
He's come a long way.
the batter singled to left field.
considered such depravity offensive against all laws of humanity.
soaring prices.
fighting is crude and uncivilized especially if the weapons are efficient.
filled the door with her frowzy bulk.
a crown is emblematic of royalty.
plug the hole.
Her husband disavowed her after 30 years of marriage and six children.
his final word of advice was not to play with matches.
a Hollywood actor.
the dynamic president of the firm.
he could pursue his studies undisturbed.
the oil spill is contained.
lateral lemniscus.
sheer stupidity.
the craven fellow turned and ran.
a race against hail or cold rains or some other elemental catastrophe.
children are precious.
a person can have several residences.
he spoke amiss.
an imposing residence.
conjunctive tissue in plants.
had the last word.
We should fertilize soil if we want to grow healthy plants.
it was a matter of disputed authorship.
a goodly amount.
a light truck.
an innocent prank.
She abhors cats.
an improved viewfinder.
the pupal stage.
a limited list of choices.
a beautiful theory.
analogue device.
vamp up an old speech.
he found his niche in the academic world.
alliterative verse.
The scarf surmounted the gown.
The dog went off and quested.
the car gathers speed.
a guttural voice.
the crash intruded on his awareness.
I rediscovered the books that I enjoyed as a child.
She killed a bottle of brandy that night.
melt down gold.
the Beatles were heraldic of a new style of music.
an unfurrowed field.
The car decelerated.
the bookkeeper used pages that were divided into columns.
make the bed.
way out front in the race.
he lost consciousness.
well-designed houses.
among her many admirable qualities are generosity and graciousness.
he joined the ranks of the unemployed.
The quack pretended to heal patients but never managed to.
dogs should be kept under restraint.
he gave the table a whack.
I am not of your persuasion.
Menuhin's playing was attended by a 15-minute standing ovation.
a pitched rather than a flat roof.
prevailing winds.
that exam was a real killer.
left the doors wide-open.
prolapsed rectum.
the nasal passages.
exchange prisoners.
the guardian signed the contract on behalf of the minor child.
a life of luxury and ease.
scared the living daylights out of them.
duty has become the Moloch of modern life.
the novel was telescoped into a short play.
Stalin wanted to people the empty steppes.
comes from a very musical family.
more rain fell.
pied daisies.
our southern women are well-favored.
mucous tissue.
snuff coke.
He tacked together some verses.
the detected micrometeoritic material.
the symphonic hum of a million insects.
sheathe her face.
taxable income.
he provided America with an image of the good father.
This action will negate the effect of my efforts.
she worked for women's liberation.
he knocked on the door.
hunger gave their faces a sunken look.
asdic is an acronym for antisubmarine detection investigation committee.
a full-blown rose.
he prepared for great undertakings.
thick lenses exaggerated the size of her eyes.
mucous glands of the intestine.
there were cracks in the plaster.
dumb animals.
there were many children whose deservingness he recognized and rewarded.
as resilient as seasoned hickory.
a woody taste.
sameness of purpose kept them together.
We started physics in 10th grade.
trace the student's progress.
they are always correcting my pronunciation.
the lakes of Minnesota began when Paul Bunyan and Babe's footprints filled with water.
a wrongheaded policy.
the plane's operation in high winds.
they conversed with great facility.
he is a master of disguise.
She was anointed the head of the Christian fundamentalist group.
her lighthearted nature.
The icy precipitation frosted the flowers and they turned brown.
the volcano is very much alive.
careful about one's behavior.
only trivial objections.
not many calls for buggywhips.
a scrambled plan of action.
she complained that her husband snores.
of restricted importance.
a bleached blonde.
She cried loud and clear.
the purpose of art is the arousal of emotions.
livable conditions.
she had willfully deceived me.
trace the outline of a figure in the sand.
the rear door of the plane.
bubbling champagne.
his promulgation of the policy proved to be premature.
heavy going.
an evening at the opera.
bands of marauding Indians.
The Constitution provides for the right to free speech.
a misleading similarity.
a heavy line.
the area was spectacularly scenic.
wearing someone's cast-off clothes.
a race of long gaunt men.
a stalwart supporter of the UN.
His skills offset his opponent's superior strength.
phobic disorder is a general term for all phobias.
for $10 you get the full treatment.
McKinley was assassinated by a professed anarchist.
the bottom drawer.
it is necessarily so.
conventional warfare.
straight reasoning.
an extemporary lecture.
metal woods are now standard.
spectral analysis.
a crowd of delirious baseball fans.
he visited during my absence.
perforate the sheets of paper.
the family rejoiced in the drunkard's reform.
hearty support.
he could beat the best of them.
The paint will brighten the room.
clothing could be had for the taking.
deep-rooted prejudice.
of royal ancestry.
strew toys all over the carpet.
the butterfly wings shade to yellow.
a sloppy room.
it was going to take in the region of two or three months to finish the job.
political policy.
see who could jump the farthest.
surgically removed.
a dull sky.
The distinction was obscured.
She grew angry.
The news leaked out despite his secrecy.
an uninvolved bystander.
the inflamed clouds at sunset.
the institution of marriage.
neat handwriting.
the party is still 2 weeks off (or away).
a dirty (or dingy) white.
string pearls on a string.
throw the car into reverse.
some odd dollars left.
The judge stayed the execution order.
her gentle manner was comforting.
The sun mellowed the fruit.
seemed none too pleased with his dinner.
orbital revolution.
a beauty somehow exempt from the aging process.
a nonharmonic note.
the princess and her coroneted companions.
they put the question to a vote.
found an uncomplicated solution to the problem.
the critics praised her effusively.
slapstick style of humor.
uncomplaining courage.
it looked like nothing I had ever seen before.
when the vote was taken they were in the minority.
there but for the grace of God go I.
the slow lane of traffic.
the snowfall this month is below average.
the proximal end of a bone.
the British colonization of America.
A cluster of schooling fish was attracted to the bait.
worn threads on the screw.
massive silver.
the senator received severe criticism from his opponent.
a secondary infection.
The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia.
Don't underestimate the danger of such a raft trip on this river.
no mortal being can influence the absolute.
a fantastic idea of his own importance.
stay over the weekend.
He entertained the notion of moving to South America.
a physical manifestation.
impossible to grow tobacco on the exhausted soil.
roads are slickest when rain has just started and hasn't had time to wash away the oil.
muddy boots.
she called for the question.
deep happiness.
a short and compendious book.
The politician clawed his rival.
a street of uniform tall white buildings.
did a clumsy job.
the interplay of these conjoined yet opposed factors.
patrician tastes.
frolicsome students celebrated their graduation with parties and practical jokes.
obligate money.
Gielgud played Hamlet.
She instructed the students to work on their pronunciation.
The industrial wastes polluted the lake.
it is part of the fabric of society.
antique papers of entrancing design.
they polled their membership.
the insulation of England was preserved by the English Channel.
the actor struck just the right attitude.
he used terror to make them confess.
a bottomless supply of money.
the price went up substantially.
her rucksack bobbed gently on her back.
establish a new department.
artists use `paint' and `pigment' interchangeably.
to the man sleeping regularly in doorways homelessness is real.
in imminent danger.
the United States, up to the 1920s, used fuel lavishly, mainly because it was so cheap.
Protestant churches.
Creole cooking.
anatomical research.
a high-toned restaurant.
Think of the starving children in India!.
whether you choose to do it or not is a matter that is quite immaterial (or indifferent).
These paintings exalt the imagination.
tried to outrun the following footsteps.
for the greater good of the community.
His bad manners detract from his good character.
he applied a coat of a clear finish.
he jabbed the piece of meat with his pocket knife.
one harsh word would send her into the depths of despair.
dogs loose on the streets.
nerve-racking noise.
he scrambled to get back to the bag.
The tall grass whipped in the wind.
he has virtually no understanding of social cause and effect.
floating freely in a weightless condition.
they spoke simultaneously.
microscopical examination.
She talks a lot of nonsense.
the restrictive clause in `Each made a list of the books that had influenced him' limits the books on the list to only those particular ones defined by the clause.
early morning classes are always sleepy.
a transparent lie.
oil the wooden surface.
a formal ball.
operative regulations.
The Queen was enthroned more than 50 years ago.
the idea had no practical application.
it requires vigilance on our part.
popular science.
I was victimized by this con-man.
the harsh cry of a blue jay.
bid farewell.
his competent but dull performance.
sadly he died before he could see his grandchild.
when it snowed they made a coast on the golf course.
free enterprise.
The car died on the road.
a communal settlement in which all earnings and food were shared.
the bonds were transmitted by carrier.
local outbreaks of flu.
he drank a mixture of beer and lemonade.
The liquid was seething.
can you superimpose the two images?.
scald tomatoes so that they can be peeled.
that is the correct pronunciation.
a life of enforced inactivity.
delicate china.
They adopted two children from Nicaragua.
this kind of life can prove disruptive and uncomfortable.
the muscular and passionate Fifth Symphony.
he is always shnorring cigarettes from his friends.
inhale the fresh mountain air.
you have to admire her; it was a gutsy thing to do.
They chipped their names in the stone.
he is not being as straightforward as it appears.
on winged feet.
priestly (or sacerdotal) vestments.
unexpected guests.
athirst for knowledge.
He is grooming his son to become his successor.
the chemistry of soil.
When her baby died, she snapped.
had a minor part in the play.
he took the family for a drive in his new car.
the point of departure of international comparison cannot be an institution but must be the function it carries out.
the doctor will see you now.
there's a fellow at the door.
his untempered individualism.
Islamic art.
swarms of pestering gnats.
the movie was a bad choice.
a hidden cave.
Pack your tents to the top of the mountain.
in an abrasive fashion.
The rock star overdosed and was found dead in his hotel room.
bridal procession.
Do you have anything to declare?.
undivided affection.
the rewrite was much better.
accepted two or three verbal and rhetorical changes I suggested.
the far future.
a sensation of touch.
spasmodic rifle fire.
She clutched her purse.
fond of chocolate.
what sort of person is he?.
She laid her job on the line when she told the boss that he was wrong.
westward headed wagons.
symptoms are the prime indicants of disease.
a shrill turquoise.
the leading team in the pennant race.
the foursome teed off before 9 a.m..
a broken set of encyclopedia.
clouds of blossoms.
The sun ripens the fruit.
ears open to catch every sound.
give up a run.
rowdy teenagers.
led a dissipated life.
automate the movement of the robot.
make a stir.
thin paper.
the value of our house rose sharply last year.
The road runs South.
The moon glared back at itself from the lake's surface.
I'm dead after that long trip.
This photograph has been retouched!.
all the little creatures joined in the elfin dance.
found the job very demanding.
the first verse.
puddle iron.
carry the suitcases to the car.
we tried to collect the money he owed us.
thread film.
The planets are orbiting the sun.
he rejected her words rebelliously.
the shady side of the street.
the impartial eye of a scientist.
an outside margin.
a dark age in the history of education.
a kindly act.
start afresh.
catering facilities.
We vaccinate against scarlet fever.
an interconnection between the two buildings.
the closing weeks of the year.
feed one's eyes on a gorgeous view.
photographs taken in a veritable bull ring.
We dressed up for Halloween as pumpkins.
The river silted up.
Cross the name of the dead person off the list.
He called his trump.
bitter about the divorce.
fond fancies.
indiscriminate reading habits.
an example of the acyl group is the acetyl group.
This letter is being circulated among the faculty.
full-fledged.
This car does not compare with our line of Mercedes.
a prescription drug.
an infernal nuisance.
We interrupt the program for the following messages.
a general anesthetic.
rain stopped play in the 4th inning.
the connection between church and state is inescapable.
the court's tilt toward conservative rulings.
patch the skirt.
the architect left space in front of the building.
a bitter struggle.
he advanced in a series of jumps.
philanthropic contributions.
considerations entirely removed (or remote) from politics.
He guessed the right number of beans in the jar and won the prize.
The two stories don't agree in many details.
a responsive student.
boil wool.
Drive away potential burglars.
smooth skin.
The athlete pumps weights in the gym.
an interminable sermon.
He grows vegetables in his backyard.
they worked together productively for two years.
he always wrote down his New Year's resolutions.
he demanded his split before they disbanded.
his sentence was 5 to 10 years.
The sugar caramelized.
She chastised him for his insensitive remarks.
an issue extraneous to the debate.
functional deafness.
Democratic senator.
The infection has localized in the left eye.
he ignored the clamor of the crowd.
normalize relations with China.
flags flapped in the strong wind.
one strong stab to the heart killed him.
major highways.
physical exercise.
Wallow in luxury.
steamroll the roads.
many qualified applicants for the job.
a gently sloping terrain.
an appreciation of 30% in the value of real estate.
argued...that foster homes are abusive.
a pair of posts marked the goal.
reeve an opening.
a giddy precipice.
heavy water.
he was my best friend at the university.
The setting sun complexioned the hills.
we were surprised by the extravagance of his description.
his friendship was a comfort.
she danced with abandon.
bulging out convexly.
Strange notions inhabited her mind.
after the game the children brought friends home for supper.
a novel of almost mythic consequence.
he wasn't going to admit his mistake.
the down staircase.
the vitalizing rays of the warming sun.
was absolutely obsessed with the girl.
a retiring member of the board.
unrealistic expectations.
The council convened last week.
endemic malaria.
She never objected to the amount of work her boss charged her with.
The ship rolled on the heavy seas.
his intended bride.
the new freedom in movies and novels.
a valuable friend.
unclothe your heart of envy.
The speaker dissertated about the social politics in 18th century England.
his action is clear but his reason remains unstated.
the poor face with the same awful waxen pallor.
The methods can master the problems.
he unwittingly deleted the references.
blood carries oxygen and nutrients to the tissues and carries away waste products.
a tub should sit on its own base.
She rubbed down her child with a sponge.
sat far away from each other.
The batter connected for a home run.
a deeply planted need.
the hardening of concrete.
The questions on the test tripped him up.
she alone believed him.
verbose and ineffective instructional methods.
the five-speed manual gearbox is smoothness personified.
a real cop would get physical.
a robustious group of teenagers.
How many people has she employed?.
schismatic sects.
a downcast glance.
the risen sun.
She tried to gloss over her mistakes.
each flavor of quarks comes in three colors.
the local citizens.
pick a fight or a quarrel.
We can't generate enough power for the entire city.
an erudite professor.
after fishing for an hour he still had not had a bite.
withered vines.
socially accepted norms.
his aim was true.
he looked out at a roomful of faces.
She repudiated the accusations.
the latest crop of fashions is about to hit the stores.
check the time of the class.
Tell them that you will be late.
solemn and mournful music.
tribal customs.
the muffled tones of the broken bell summoned them to meet.
he sent a three-word message.
sturdy steel shelves.
a hired gun.
an ill-conceived plan to take over the company.
was fagged and sweaty.
the silent `h' at the beginning of `honor'.
The writer satirized the politician's proposal.
the dullness of the pencil made his writing illegible.
The wildfire scorched the forest and several homes.
when forming a question, invert the subject and the verb.
limited runway capacity.
the top graduate.
they improve their product every year.
he sympathized on the loss of their grandfather.
he had a vision of his own death.
in a deep sleep.
there was a brief kiss of their hands in passing.
a fit of coughing.
she gave him a level look.
He embodies all that is evil wrong with the system.
almost worryingly meticulous in his business formalities.
permissible behavior in school.
He was renamed Minister of the Interior.
it was clear that he had a very broad education.
political convention.
an untruthful person.
they were heartbroken when they learned their child was abnormal.
Triple your income!.
a good soak put life back in the wagon.
a car with a crumpled front end.
the theater had a rotatable stage.
since he was a baronet he had to be addressed as Sir Henry Jones, Bart..
elementary teachers.
This school graduates 2,000 students each year.
a stray dog.
The industry enjoyed a boom.
the function of an auger is to bore holes.
Move your car or else you will be ticketed!.
express trains don't stop at Princeton Junction.
she was not the...credible fool he expected.
a nasty smell.
volumetric analysis.
many summer excursions to the shore.
the woeful plight of homeless people.
a headlong rush to sell.
a clear case of murder.
there is an opening in the sales department.
deep-sea fishing.
within the compass of education.
gave wholehearted support to her candidacy.
the unctuous Uriah Heep.
my lucky day.
The teacher smacked the student who had misbehaved.
glabrous leaves.
carnal knowledge.
cold fingers.
detach a regiment.
The cold air condensed the steam.
He allied himself with the Communists.
just a mixed-up kid.
is there intelligent life in the universe?.
he heard footsteps on the porch.
life was drab compared with the more exciting life style overseas.
impart a new skill to the students.
self-induced.
lobar pneumonia.
Sweep the crumbs off the table.
he is a man of property.
was alone with her thoughts.
an informal agreement.
he made a bad mistake.
the pavement was...glassy with water.
the dancer was light and graceful.
each of them had their own anticipations.
knot the shoelaces.
took a southerly course.
an open door interpreted as an invitation.
a light pound.
a bottomless lake.
he could hardly conceal his excitement when she agreed.
a satisfied customer.
a tray loaded with dishes.
Soviet leaders.
The coals were glowing in the dark.
My uncle rings every Sunday at the local church.
transmissible tradition.
he took a shower after the game.
fresh from college and reluctant for the moment to marry him.
able teachers.
an apologetic manner.
the lights dimmed and the curtain rose.
the winds are easterly.
Who was navigating the ship during the accident?.
contaminated evidence.
infantile paralysis.
a strong odor of burning rubber.
succulent roast beef.
a special holiday flight.
these magnificent achievements were only incidentally influenced by Oriental models.
in this computer game, space travellers are vaporized by aliens.
The actor mimicked the President very accurately.
such lax and slipshod ways are no longer acceptable.
clean up before you see your grandparents.
drive the cows into the barn.
an ammunition dump.
any society is built upon certain assumptions.
in the raw.
Ancient Troy was a great city.
he stood at the foot of the tower.
The temperature is going down.
a world full of hungry people.
a snappish tone of voice.
an exciting novel.
the nearby towns.
people strolling about in an unhurried way.
deeply engaged in conversation.
bound and gagged hostages.
The rock star never authorized this slanderous biography.
The legislature expended its time on school questions.
the ninth century was the spiritually freest period.
finds himself in a most awkward predicament.
a shady deal.
varied ethnic traditions of the immigrants.
the bright stars of stage and screen.
the first part was easy; the second, however, took hours.
a preeminent archeologist.
thermionic cathode.
the right decision.
Prussian aristocracy.
now is your chance.
an itinerant judge.
excitement grew as the finish neared.
set a broken bone.
release the holdings in the dictator's bank account.
some form of religion seems to be a human universal.
He eased himself into the chair.
secure from harm.
the application of indexes to tables of data.
they could barely hear the speaker.
securing adequate funding is a time-consuming proposition.
her story would melt your bosom.
the broadening of travel.
mount slides for macroscopic analysis.
play it straight with no shtik.
kept up an obstreperous clamor.
a stillborn plot to assassinate the President.
sometimes she wished she were back in England.
an acid trip.
only an automaton wouldn't have noticed.
an academic discussion.
They were sparring all night.
staying fit and healthy.
it used to drive my husband balmy.
His forefinger darted in all directions as he spoke.
several of the buildings were downright homely.
the inevitable result.
he usurped my rights.
a month behind in the rent.
The sails ballooned.
jalapeno peppers are very hot.
his letters were always on the theme of love.
acute and obtuse angles are oblique angles.
clear glass.
the anthropologist was impressed by the reconditeness of the native proverbs.
invisible mending.
`I won!' he exclaimed.
the children of Israel.
modest inflation.
instruction is not an educational sideshow.
the idea of the game is to capture all the pieces.
in just about a minute.
a thoroughly professional performance.
diachronic linguistics.
too big for his britches.
his initiation into the club.
My car engine makes a whining noise.
forge a pair of tongues.
belt your trousers.
raised needlework.
Apply the rules to everyone.
muzzle the dog to prevent it from biting strangers.
a proud moment.
coral is a colonial organism.
Clear up the question of who is at fault.
top-down programming.
a candid interview.
the Eurasian landmass is the largest in the world.
the phosphorescent glow of decaying wood.
Jacob was a hairy man.
facial expression.
exotic plants in a greenhouse.
a last-ditch attempt.
a man of great stature.
unvoiced consonants such as `p' and `k' and `s'.
The director was retired after the scandal.
The plaintiff's lawyer complained that he defendant had physically abused his client.
the artist's gifts are at their acme.
a study in spiccato bowing.
execrable crimes.
a keenly analytic man.
corrosive cristism.
The searchlights swept across the sky.
the runner was put out at third base.
She dished out the soup at 8 P.M..
Can I give you my keys while I go in the pool?.
sift the flour.
rapid momentaneous association of things that meet and pass.
crochet a bedspread.
steep cliffs.
we still have little money.
a confining boxed-in space.
a sonic wave.
you can just mapquest the restaurant.
their pitiful laments could be heard throughout the ward.
a split group.
a retrousse nose.
have a postdoc.
She proved to be right.
the conjunct influence of fire and strong wind.
a dip in prices.
the puzzle is soluble.
from Monday to Friday inclusive.
They had to render the estate.
tee two pipes.
time is up.
domestic science.
marine explorations.
an unequivocal (or univocal) statement.
the call of duty.
my new car is four years old but has only 15,000 miles on it.
enthalpy is the amount of energy in a system capable of doing mechanical work.
glittery costume jewelry.
Her long black hair flowed down her back.
His gun cracked.
a happy smile.
The French guillotined many Vietnamese while they occupied the country.
gauzy clouds of dandelion down.
He suddenly appeared at the wedding.
these two fruit flies are homozygous for red eye color.
the imprisonment of captured soldiers.
a multinational operation.
a meaning look.
congregational singing.
The words are misapplied in this context.
a heart condition.
a brightly lit room.
the weakness of the dollar against the yen.
too much power in the president's hands.
The chemist shook the flask vigorously.
laden with grief.
water free of extraneous matter.
turn sharp left here.
most soldiers are only boys in uniform.
They starved the prisoners.
knowing instructors.
the book had an important impact on my thinking.
Throw a six.
He sailed the Pacific all alone.
suck on a straw.
the day's events left her completely exhausted--her strength drained.
took the unadvised measure of going public with the accusations.
The Giants struck back and won the opener.
nonunion carpenters.
We conferred about a plan of action.
The dog nosed out the drugs.
the infiltration of seawater through the lava.
they have an upper class clientele.
phonograph records were sold in cardboard jackets.
his fertile effervescent mind.
slangy speech.
the pitch was away (or wide).
a solid line across the page.
warm maternal affection for her guest.
statistical population.
dancing all the dances with little rest between.
cut the songs.
he reinforced the concrete.
a frugal lunch.
act wickedly.
the living image of her mother.
a wire-haired terrier.
the White House thought it best not to respond.
the Marines are expected to perform prodigies of valor.
with an inadvertent gesture she swept the vase off the table.
a good command of French.
the theater was jampacked.
They contrived to murder their boss.
Your children have infected you with this head cold.
The mountain was splashed with snow.
draft a speech.
indistinct shapes in the gloom.
he absorbed the knowledge or beliefs of his tribe.
wild squirrels are provident.
in the circumstances it was tactless to ask her age.
a spacious ballroom.
make no mistake about his intentions.
great care is taken to keep the operating rooms aseptic.
it vanished into the night.
she visited him briefly.
The governing board was reconstituted.
the pirates hid their treasure on a small island in the West Indies.
pigment a photograph.
He deserves to be called on that.
cleave the bone.
they painted it a light shade of bluish green.
after the argument they lapsed into an unhappy silence.
he put the stress on the wrong syllable.
She grabbed the child's hand and ran out of the room.
some children are brighter in one subject than another.
a brilliant man but so practically inept that he needed help to cross the road safely.
it was a miracle that he survived the drop from that height.
She parades her new husband around town.
the computers were connected through a system of conduits.
style a manuscript.
many right-down vices.
glabrous stems.
Many Germans migrated to South America in the mid-19th century.
the clumsy customer turned over the vase.
he's a mere slip of a lad.
the play lasted two hours.
the ocean is a sink for carbon dioxide.
a man of inflexible purpose.
the critical test.
the birds are fewer this year.
We should encode the message for security reasons.
when you pay ahead (or in advance) you receive a discount.
we were given the use of his boat.
a live ball is one in play.
heat the water on the stove.
Keep him in bed until he sobers up.
tender green shoots.
chemistry is not my cup of tea.
tether horses.
a refractory case of acne.
an adroit negotiator.
a wrongful diversion of trust income.
The wound is healing slowly.
noise seems inappropriate at a time of sadness.
pick up a signal.
he looks nothing like his father.
who is the operator of this franchise?.
a precise measurement.
he used a book as a stop to hold the door open.
Clinton smoked marijuana but never inhaled.
the ink has dried.
had the system down pat.
they heard indistinct noises of people talking.
the broken syntax and casual enunciation of conversational English.
grass new washed by the rain.
capable of winning.
she developed a liking for gin.
regulate the temperature.
The businessman kited millions of dollars.
all his exes live in Texas.
leach the soil.
a patch of clouds.
an habitue of the racetrack.
homely truths.
hands in the starting position.
she recreated the feeling of the 1920's with her stage setting.
an inclination of his head indicated his agreement.
a gossipy malevolent old woman.
just wanted to take it easy.
the death rate in Russia has been stably high.
a topical anesthesia.
the capsular ligament is a sac surrounding the articular cavity of a freely movable joint and attached to the bones.
The pedestrians pummeled the demonstrators.
vast fields of wheat grow on Saskatchewan's prairies.
We put in a grant to the NSF.
She topped her performance of last year.
the portals of heaven.
certain machine tool operations.
I can deal with this crew of workers.
a driving personal ambition.
he expressed his willingness to help.
military uniforms.
volcanic rock includes the volcanic glass obsidian.
he was equal to the task.
water is the element of fishes.
the skin of old persons is less reactive than that of younger persons.
the pleasantness of a cool breeze on a hot summer day.
domestic oil.
The children must learn to behave.
the head of a comet.
faint heart ne'er won fair lady.
took an uncompromising stance in the peace talks.
the radial aspect of the forearm.
I read a portion of the manuscript.
it was great to feel my baby moving about inside.
the humors are blood and phlegm and yellow and black bile.
don't let anyone unknown into the house.
the bridge is ready to collapse.
Have I eaten enough?.
a betting man.
they broke faith with their investors.
I tell you that man is a crook!.
the art of conversation.
She expressed the letter to Florida.
tariff imported goods.
titular dignitaries.
She gave me a dirty look.
the market is up.
forced convection in plasma generators.
westbound pioneers.
spent a considerable amount of time on the problem.
Her children always backed her up.
fearful of criticism.
a villainous plot.
treated with royal acclaim.
She froze when she saw her ex-husband.
heavy metal guitar players use vacuum tube amplifiers to produce extreme distortion.
it is inconvenient not to have a telephone in the kitchen.
He struck the table with his elbow.
the veterans laughed at the new recruits.
he finally accepted hesitantly.
mask the meat.
furnaces of the forced-convection type.
the lingual surface of the teeth.
a full game.
draw a conclusion.
come back after the rush.
She was slated to be his successor.
fund a medical care plan.
a restless wakeful night.
the book's publication was well timed.
He popped out to shortstop.
the arms program is now self-propelled.
The egg fertilized in vitro implanted in the uterus of the birth mother with no further complications.
having three carbon and three nitrogen atoms in a six-membered ring.
the vast accumulation of knowledge...which we call civilization.
The clown had lipsticked circles on his cheeks.
user-friendly computers.
the obliging waiter was in no hurry for us to leave.
they won the championship three years in a row.
a severe worldwide depression.
I watched over their effects until they returned.
come into contact with a terrorist group.
the volume was handsomely bound.
supreme folly.
the altitude gave her a headache.
The new book treats the history of China.
The bureaucracy paralyzes the entire operation.
the human condition.
I gave him a clout on his nose.
shorten the rope by a few inches.
The moon rode high in the night sky.
concrete that sets hard within a few hours.
ancestral lore.
low rounded hills.
she prepared a special dish for dinner.
the musicians left their instrument cases backstage.
famed for his eccentric spelling.
Dominican monks.
Somali coffee is excellent.
they used to do the threshing by hand but now there are machines to do it.
Disney's stories entertain adults as well as children.
outspread wings.
a reckless driver.
the mother was stern and disciplinary.
a loaf of cheese.
Their ideas concorded.
took a hard look.
their lined faces were immeasurably sad.
This robot can sense the presence of people in the room.
His modesty distinguishes him from his peers.
The sky reddened.
a nice girl.
The Anglo-Saxon population of Scotland.
they awaited news of the outcome.
Middle age dulled her appetite for travel.
a pedunculate flower.
Journals are accumulating in my office.
piercing criticism.
parliamentary law.
arrange my schedule.
I don't know what to do--I may as well flip a coin!.
this problem is a real bitch.
the proposal faces tough sledding.
The customs agent examined the baggage.
three-ply cloth.
the starting signal was a green light.
he arrived characteristically late.
insomniac old people.
the restaurant often themes its menus.
we went to the movies together.
She tended to blast when speaking into a microphone.
She wanted to buy his love with her dedication to him and his work.
he was awarded an endowed chair in economics.
They had the lights to guide on.
we are friends of the family.
the succession of flashing lights gave an illusion of movement.
the master bedroom.
hackneyed phrases.
a veiled dancer.
pulverize the grains.
the coach told his players that defeat was unacceptable.
hoarse cries.
Stone tools precede bronze tools.
it was due to an accident or fortuity.
the bleak treeless regions of the high Andes.
sempiternal truth.
they were equally beautiful.
broken sleep.
Upraising ghosts.
the doctors had to suction the water from the patient's lungs.
the boring work alienated his employees.
map the surface of Venus.
the slow development of her skill as a writer.
an indignant denial.
his compositions always started with the lyrics.
the dress needs shortening.
the house was substantially built.
Several deer have fallen to the same gun.
their apartment was furnished with ready-mades.
deductive reasoning.
amorphous blots of color having vague and indefinite edges.
antipodal regions of the earth.
beaming parents.
a tad too expensive.
they walked the streets of the small town.
track a missile.
he wrote an interesting piece on Iran.
the rippled surface of the pond.
The gymnasts rolled and jumped.
the exuberantly baroque decoration of the church.
they have a right nice place.
in law he found his true metier.
the head of the list.
We disguised our faces before robbing the bank.
the town still puts forward pretensions as a famous resort.
the power of his love saved her.
The plane crash in Milan mirrored the attack in the World Trade Center.
a prolific pear tree.
they took dismissive action after the third violation.
laws enforcing noise abatement.
alpine sports.
he has a bad case of the itch.
We took an apartment on a quiet street.
Planked vegetable.
moderate prices.
flex your wrists.
a foul pond.
federal courts.
he's hot tonight.
dark colors like wine red or navy blue.
they were in the eye of the storm.
the history of this work is discussed in the next section.
that book is a fraud.
Latin towns.
The cows were masticating the grass.
a naughty boy.
confusion caused his unfortunate misstep.
The weather vane points North.
We must walk with our dispossessed brothers and sisters.
they parked in the driveway.
the Sinhalese versions of the Ramayana.
connective tissue in animals.
Hitler wanted Nordic people to rule Europe.
Russia must be reintegrated into Europe.
the formation of pseudopods.
the working class.
She is pushing fifty.
a cordial abhorrence of waste.
a suit with a better fit.
the window frame isn't quite true.
genital herpes.
a x b = b x a.
physicians are now more circumspect about recommending its use.
The little boy cried himself to sleep.
an uneasy silence fell on the group.
a batch of letters.
My mother complains all day.
She appeared on several charges of theft.
the country is still trying to climb out of the mire left by its previous president.
the requirement was only formal and often ignored.
a pastoral letter.
in Colonial America left-handed marriages between Frenchmen and Indians were frequent.
He held the governorship for almost a decade.
paid work.
side fences.
he was insufficiently prepared.
they divorced after the birth of the child.
scramble the message so that nobody can understand it.
Block a hat.
pancreatic cancer.
they blatantly violated the laws.
resistant to persuasion.
She acknowledged his complement with a smile.
this immediately concerns your future.
in hot pursuit.
trim my beard.
aged members of the society.
afraid to show emotion.
covered with a fine film of dust.
the rookie made a brief appearance in the first period.
makes all the instruments sound powerful but husky.
a mendacious statement.
cabbage patch dolls are no longer popular.
an axiomatic truth.
a very physical dance performance.
Confederate soldiers.
he sent a runner over with the contract.
an umbrella organization.
rack one's brains.
he added more coolant to the car's radiator.
replay a point.
so credulous he believes everything he reads.
At what time are you lunching?.
She is reading for the bar exam.
a confident speaker.
the factory with the big parking lot...is more convenient than the walk-to factory.
he gave the brat a good spanking.
an infertile couple.
a section of a fishing rod.
a troublesome infection.
he likes to play golf with the boys.
Surrender fires the cold skepticism.
the germination of their discontent.
the ringing of the telephone.
unsusceptibility to rust.
Catch a glimpse.
This project looks fishy.
there were four notches in the handle of his revolver.
a multitude of TV antennas.
The doctor distilled a few drops of disinfectant onto the wound.
She plays the races.
During Ramadan, Muslims avoid tobacco during the day.
the spike pierced the receipts and held them in order.
the unhappy couple got into a terrible scrap.
Welsh syntax.
centennial celebration.
the iron interests stepped up production.
erupt in anger.
it is illegal for a fiduciary to misappropriate money for personal gain.
unreasonable demands.
sooner or later you will have to face the facts.
apply this medicine topically.
the evil that men do lives after them; the good is oft interred with their bones.
his name has long been forgotten.
reasonable prices.
a holdover from the sixties.
she was adequate to the job.
a genuinely good person.
a dangerous bridge.
a self-propelled egotist.
Our babysitter raided our refrigerator.
unquestionable authority.
an angry face.
forward my mail.
depth of a shelf.
the wheels skidded against the sidewalk.
The wounded soldier was swinging unsteadily on his legs.
cold is a vasoconstrictor.
the industrial classes.
a plumed helmet.
he studied the entire Wagnerian oeuvre.
They negotiated the sale of the house.
The hummingbird flitted among the branches.
diploid somatic cells.
I gave him the drug.
it was the evening of the Roman Empire.
the dangerous situation developed suddenly.
human beings--the speaking animals.
too upset to say anything.
indecipherable handwriting.
there are two classes of detergents.
a thin pillar of smoke betrayed their campsite.
my sister married a musician.
The cabin pressure fell dramatically.
with many insertions in the margins.
wooded land.
their declared and their covert objectives.
he relaxed in sleepy contentedness.
he kept a record of price fluctuations.
the switch is in the on position.
a welcome guest.
too clever to be sound.
Come with me to the Casbah.
his plundering of the great authors.
he gave a summary of the conclusions.
he hated the sameness of the food the college served.
the now-aging dictator.
Nothing good will come of this.
the ancient Greeks believed that nymphs inhabited forests and bodies of water.
his tie was a present from his wife.
many native artists studied abroad.
the streets are restfully sunny and still for the town is at mass.
a real woman.
an unavoidable accident.
belowground storage areas.
he failed in his manner of address to the captain.
getting along in years.
a cold snap in the middle of May.
a year-round resort.
a black body maintained at a constant temperature is a full radiator at that temperature because the radiation reaching and leaving it must be in equilibrium.
the brilliant court life at Versailles.
a polyploid species.
another pointed look in their direction.
The young teacher had to substitute for the sick colleague.
inhaled nasally.
quick-sighted as a cat.
by royal decree.
a knockabout old car.
he was university material.
vulnerable to bribery.
a flowerless plant.
she has no peer in the concoction of mystery stories.
We walked instead of driving.
a temperamental motor; sometimes it would start and sometimes it wouldn't.
an egg with a double yolk.
the potter glazed the dishes.
his opinion carries great weight.
according to him, I was the canker in their midst.
The victim was knifed to death.
unsupported accusations.
the accountant absconded with the cash from the safe.
Let's stretch for a minute--we've been sitting here for over 3 hours.
in a homeward direction.
a far trek.
start a new job.
a howling success.
it's a good thing that New Year's was a holiday because everyone had a hangover.
the humanistic revival of learning.
The immigrant was duped because he trusted everyone.
they found a quiet out-of-the-way resort.
Don't touch my CDs!.
he fell asleep to the music of the wind chimes.
what is more, there's no sign of a change.
a funeral conducted the appropriate solemnity.
club hair.
this gland manufactures a specific substance only.
a growing divergence of opinion.
she asked how to avoid kissing at the end of a date.
he has a strong physique.
try the yak butter.
they were developed for the defense program.
Jones bats first, followed by Martinez.
tax-exempt bonds.
what is the point of discussing it?.
a long, smooth stride.
there was a touch of sarcasm in his tone.
height is a function of age.
he was in good spirits.
a fictitious address.
the car corners.
he got several girls in trouble.
our temporal existence.
deadly dull.
an impetuous display of spending and gambling.
a campaign redolent of machine politics.
I faced the knotty problem of what to have for breakfast.
Space the interviews so that you have some time between the different candidates.
after the storm the boats were adrift.
The children like to drink soda.
a wrongful act.
smothered chicken is chicken cooked in a seasoned gravy.
a modest man of the people.
she always felt burdened by the load of paper work.
I absolve you from this responsibility.
a trim beard.
here the theme is inverted.
intensive care.
a young man who will go very far.
Can you advance me some money?.
a dragonfly hovered, vibrating and iridescent.
a perceived difference in temperature.
he won the prize for best costume.
My new truck drives well.
Jerusalem's hallowed soil.
he may accomplish by craft in the long run what he cannot do by force and violence in the short one.
The nurse accompanied the old lady everywhere.
two-career families are no longer unusual.
down to his last nickel.
the meat is still good.
Don't lie to your parents.
the outcome depends on the configuration of influences at the time.
the house was completed ahead of time.
He looped the watch through his belt.
led a happy purposeful life.
wheaten bread.
The workers on the conveyor belt miss one out of ten.
ancient Egyptians believed in the divinity of the Pharaohs.
This machine withdraws heat from the environment.
a married couple from Chicago.
a shameful display of cowardice.
most animals are heterotrophic.
he said so in one of his more offensively intellectually arrogant sentences.
Hold the fire extinguisher directly on the flames.
a hibernating bear.
I'll take a pound of that sausage.
glanced away.
the needle of a magnetic compass points to the magnetic north pole.
lucid air.
night invested the lake with a dreamlike quality.
water condenses.
the children were left to their own devices.
surface transportation.
Who cannot exult in Spring?.
the negations of sectarian ideology.
he despised them for their presumptuousness.
a deep-water port.
syncopate a word.
the base of the mountain.
dead set against intervening.
trim lumber.
Norse nomads.
the infection precipitated a high fever and allergic reactions.
the caresses of the breeze played over his face.
a moneymaking business.
the cars were in position.
a criminal offense.
his reluctant delivery of bad news.
a dress a bit too gay for her years.
loud trombones.
a noisy crowd of intoxicated sailors.
he marvelled at the fineness of her hair.
he made a moon lamp that he used as a night light.
an individual serving.
lost friends.
the light touch of her fingers.
an unusual meteorite.
a critical reading.
clubs were declared trumps.
the siamese twins were not considered separable.
he presided over the economy during the period of the greatest stress and danger.
regular bus departures.
a distinction to which he was unentitled.
they lost everything in the fire.
the Alpha and Omega, the first and the last, the beginning and the end.
a confidential mission to London.
he earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude.
the nerve is alive.
was seriously ill.
the Incas believed that Cuzco was the navel of the universe.
named three officials implicated in the plot.
forensic ballistics.
This blender can't handle nuts.
a night of exceeding darkness.
he is interested in snakes in general.
every morning they exchanged polite hellos.
a war of wits.
the medicine soothes the pain of the inflammation.
ultraviolet radiation.
open areas are only occasionally interrupted by clumps of trees.
with a quick twist of his head he surveyed the room.
toilet facilities.
they weather was appreciably colder.
a stark contrast.
The surfaces contact at this point.
a single-handed accomplishment.
These stories don't check!.
the news was very bad.
he is permanently disabled.
they were cut transversely.
sliced ham.
they were identifiably different.
fit a dress.
as like as two peas in a pod.
alterable conditions of employment.
high-technology sunrise industries.
He mediated a settlement.
she led a somewhat irregular private life.
apply for a job.
rural people.
potential clients.
an equivocal statement.
unclean meat.
they did much of their overseas trade in foreign bottoms.
We finally decided after lengthy deliberations.
jog along the canal.
they raise money to provide homes for the homeless.
the head of the nail.
he is apt to ignore matters he considers unimportant.
a relief pitcher took over in the top of the fifth.
bubble to the surface.
her deeds were compatible with her ideology.
scallop the meat.
his lanky long-boned body.
pelvic exam.
cited various reasons for his behavior.
a bilobate leaf.
units of nucleic acids.
outdoor clothes.
reserve me a seat on a flight.
The women cackled when they saw the movie star step out of the limousine.
rub my hands.
the solvent does not change its state in forming a solution.
it was a spectacular play.
one aspect of Waterloo has not yet been treated in the literature.
a body of precedents.
spatchcock a guinea hen.
gross negligence.
a truthful person.
sheet the body.
he did his homework promptly.
chivalric rites.
malevolent stars.
conclusive proof.
a spray of bullets.
the oppressive government.
a warranty good for two years.
a two-wheeled cart.
she looked around her.
an agreeable manner.
radio waves received here on Earth.
a subtle mind.
 a classical scholar.
hypersensitive to pollen.
a head of cauliflower.
he stands acquitted on all charges.
erosion is the work of wind or water over time.
straggly hair.
a pastoral economy.
the simplest concealment is to match perfectly the color of the background.
he demurred at my suggestion to work on Saturday.
a doglike affection.
they protested that the nonproliferation treaty was just a plot to maintain the hegemony of those who already had nuclear weapons.
Don't run--you'll be out of breath.
the wing of a bat and the arm of a man are homologous.
he took part in the experiment as a naive subject.
panel the walls with wood.
he gave the ball a powerful kick.
the heaving of waves on a rough sea.
a false friend.
He agreed to leave her alone.
by no stretch of the imagination.
the cold castle walls were covered with hangings.
Russian distinguished between hard consonants and palatalized or soft consonants.
he was caught up in a whirl of work.
so much weeping.
his acting was one of the high points of the movie.
He smashed a 3-run homer.
the theme is announced in the first measures.
respiratory activity.
the beautiful sound of music.
a major misunderstanding.
he chased her barefoot across the meadow.
The war extended over five years.
we blamed our impeded progress on lack of money.
the upset pitcher of milk.
the house has fallen considerably in value.
the play was a dramatization of a short story.
a three-cornered hat.
The cow accepted the bull.
Certain rights can never be granted to the government but must be kept in the hands of the people.
the essay contained too much detail.
he threw nine straight balls before the manager yanked him.
olympian efforts to save the city from bankruptcy.
he confessed dramatically.
each rune had its own magical significance.
the town is responsible for snow removal.
an intolerable degree of sentimentality.
a wild financial scheme.
there as a trail of blood.
ambrosial food.
The tourists moved through the town and bought up all the souvenirs;.
ream a hole.
golf is a humbling game.
take your medicine.
beg the point in the discussion.
The car pinked when the ignition was too far retarded.
a virulent insect bite.
I still owe for the car.
he then so resoundingly denounced his former friend.
he gave directions faster than she could follow them.
I have this pipe dream about being emperor of the universe.
showed his true dignity when under pressure.
she embarked upon a new career.
the wrecking ball demolished the building.
ravening creditors.
wasn't inclined to believe the excuse.
England marches with Scotland.
moisture retentivity of soil.
preteen clothing.
an alphabetic arrangement.
her enhanced beauty was the result of a good night's sleep rather than makeup.
Things have been breaking pretty well for us in the past few months.
he always reasons from the particular to the general.
the county condemned the land to build a highway.
after much cogitation he rejected the offer.
removed the unwanted vegetation.
he was ready to believe her.
artificial sweeteners.
he poured a shot of whiskey.
answer the question.
the nerve is dead.
a penetrating odor.
recruits suited in green.
want courtesy.
Can you live on $2000 a month in New York City?.
winds whipped the piled leaves into churning masses.
a real character.
there was a baseball game on every empty lot.
tense the rope manually before tensing the spring.
return to your native land.
upon the restitution of the book to its rightful owner the child was given a tongue lashing.
Interstate Commerce Commission.
profane words.
a mimosa's leaves are sensitive to touch.
abominable treatment of prisoners.
Put on make-up!.
a philanthropic society.
a manifestation of great emotion.
omnidirectional antenna.
this was financially unattractive.
disengage the gears.
The shoes came untied.
This can contains water.
a novel of average merit.
American troops were stationed on Japanese soil.
the foreigner spoke to us quite intelligibly.
serve the country.
What does this painting say?.
fly into a rage.
I willingly accept.
the worst weather of the year.
the monsoon left the whole place awash.
affiliated clubs.
they were wary in their movements.
performances varied from acceptable to excellent.
she walked to a point where she could survey the whole street.
The economy stabilized.
he used a wad of cotton to wipe the counter.
I regret I can't come to the party.
they are pursuing a general program of renovation to the entire property.
Astaire partnered Rogers.
a wise and perceptive comment.
shaggy rugs.
that was the time he came nearest to death.
don't do it on my account.
draw parallels.
in motor vehicles a universal joint allows the driveshaft to move up and down as the vehicle passes over bumps.
are you decent?.
the sound of rain on the roof.
it was their habit to dine at 7 every evening.
an unobstructed view.
going from sitting to standing without intermediate pushes with the hands.
People lived in Africa millions of years ago.
he used a scoop to serve the ice cream.
cramped quarters.
bring up children.
the floor of the cave.
processions were forbidden.
rational behavior.
the church steeple provided a convenient landmark.
an able seaman.
acutely aware.
The herb masks the garlic taste.
poetry is something to which words are the accidental, not by any means the essential form.
they challenged his leadership of the union.
The King wears a powdered wig.
the police laid the blame on the driver.
He bowed out when he realized he could no longer handle the demands of the chairmanship.
Start a foundation.
he was up two breaks in the second set.
an egregious lie.
synonyms can be interchanged without a changing the context's meaning.
Gutenberg's reproduction of holy texts was far more efficient.
The ice broke the pipe.
the effect was negligible.
itemize one's tax deductions.
their business was lagging behind in the competition for customers.
smart weapons.
She hung on his every word.
fit to drop.
he played only draw and stud.
the fool got his tie caught in the geartrain.
any day now.
undeniable guilt.
in round numbers.
an arrogant official.
the tower of Pisa is far out of plumb.
he lost his place on the page.
We compel all students to fill out this form.
a cold climate.
The coronation was filmed.
implanted convictions.
intensive conditions.
a violent fight over the bill is expected in the Senate.
a head of lettuce.
they had pathetically little money.
hereditary monarchy.
She found that he had lied to her.
it must have cost plenty.
The prodigy played Carnegie Hall at the age of 16.
the national socialist party came to power in Germany in 1933.
I cannot keep track of all my employees.
play this section allegro.
spy for the Russians.
peeved about being left out.
she was anything but puritanical in her behavior.
chewy caramels.
The room was hot and stuffy and we were suffocating.
too much sun is harmful to the skin.
prospects were bleak.
The unidentified plant bore gorgeous flowers.
We'll not see his like again.
was all in at the end of the day.
of unsound mind.
How do the elections figure in the current pattern of internal politics?.
The sweat cut little rivulets into her face.
They untied the prisoner.
stabilize prices.
a man of caution.
they carried a vast inventory of hardware.
In some cultures, the women give birth while squatting.
the restless wind.
much was written pro and con.
an emergent republic.
They trafficked with us for gold.
step on the brake.
he occupies two rooms on the top floor.
unlock the door.
a fiddling sum of money.
Every star seemed to flare with new intensity.
a definitive verdict.
subterranean passages.
the old man's fists were two great gnarls.
he became prickly and spiteful.
she fell to pieces after she lost her work.
gauge the wine barrels.
ganoid fishes swarmed during the earlier geological periods.
the farmer's morning chores.
he gave it a mighty heave.
the first major milestone in space exploration was in 1957, when the USSR's Sputnik 1 orbited the Earth.
He is a herpetologist.
prehistoric settlements.
teachable youngsters.
corralling votes for an election.
the outlandish clothes of teenagers.
you need four people to play this game.
a merry blithesome nature.
the reciprocal ratio of a:b is b:a.
the sun shone aslant into his face.
sturdy young athletes.
a quaint sense of humor.
man is a voluntary agent.
deal fairly with one another.
Toll the bridges into New York City.
repair an oversight.
a reversible decision is one that can be appealed or vacated.
the forwarding of resumes to the personnel department.
Alaska is the largest state in the United States.
he paid all his bills by check.
most colorectal cancers arise from adenomatous polyps.
this topic was popularly discussed.
a revised edition.
a drain of young talent by emigration.
a rusty machine.
the end managed to hold onto the pass.
a worthy fellow.
The horse threw its inexperienced rider.
He scored a 200.
brocaded silk.
a ready source of cash.
a pitiful fate.
Heat radiated from the metal box.
snag a bargain.
His financial success encouraged him to look for a wife.
a formidable opponent.
pleasingly plump.
The job candidate interviewed everywhere.
a long-familiar face.
the clock had a moon that showed various phases.
reduce the influx of foreigners.
the school was founded in 1900.
`What can be done?' he asked rhetorically.
one trouble after another delayed the job.
shock grain.
they say he gives good head.
the boat ran aground on a submerged bar in the river.
is unstudied in Latin as he is in may other matters.
light broke over the horizon.
after years of oppression they finally revolted.
substantial equivalents.
stand the test of time.
he was overwhelmed with gratitude for their help.
The arrow found its mark.
The foul air was slowly suffocating the children.
The friends stuck together through the war.
a free electron.
their offices are in a modern skyscraper.
she had several items on her shopping list.
She didn't want to answer.
the city raised the tax rate.
he acted as a backstop in case anything went wrong.
he showed off his new sports car.
The treatment and diet transfigured her into a beautiful young woman.
the ecumenical movement.
affirmative votes.
the abbreviated speech.
extremely risky going out in the tide and fog.
the radio was playing softly.
farming communities.
the rule of Caesar.
this red line runs perpendicularly to the green line.
they were strangers sharing a pinpoint of time together.
I'm awful sorry.
He whooshed the doors open.
a catalytic reformer.
geologic forces.
cybernate a factory.
Agassi beat Becker in the tennis championship.
glassy porcelain.
local authorities.
he had lost control of his sphincters.
the fight was on television last night.
We must strike the enemy's oil fields.
the child is seemingly healthy but the doctor is concerned.
exercise had given his muscles superior definition.
We started French in fourth grade.
She struggled for years to survive without welfare.
the carefully balanced seesaw.
by all accounts they were a happy couple.
the boxer was out cold.
impenetrable gloom.
a rare appearance.
there is no life on the moon.
When she heard that she had not passed the exam, she lost it completely.
back-to-back home runs.
instrumental compositions.
followed the only honorable course of action.
a monolingual dictionary.
This sounds interesting.
Order these files.
that beautiful but temperamental instrument the flute.
trees were sparse.
the foremost figure among marine artists.
gelid waters of the North Atlantic.
impenetrable rain forests.
the smoulder suddenly became a blaze.
gloomy predictions.
a fervent admirer.
The bullets riddled his body.
the flirting man teased the young woman.
what position does he play?.
Would you like to come along to the movies?.
the situation is relatively calm now.
mental calculations.
My personal feelings color my judgment in this case.
halfway measures.
virtually all the parties signed the contract.
what manner of man are you?.
an extra pair of shoes.
The salesman works the Midwest.
periodic feelings of anxiety.
easy good looks.
a bland little drama.
the set was meticulously authentic.
a discriminatory tax.
The chimney exhales a thick smoke.
The car whished past her.
they are searching for the owner of the car.
one nation indivisible.
his story brought tears to her eyes.
her comments struck a sour note.
a resolute and unshakeable faith.
He turned the handle and jerked the door open.
the war between the sexes.
the shining of shoes provided a meager living.
carrot and stick.
I got funny spots all over my body.
He voted for the motion.
an obscure retreat.
Where do you stand on the War?.
We are remodeling these rooms.
a virgin purest lipped.
the continual banging of the shutters.
I will lend you my car.
a cumbersome piece of machinery.
problems of this type are very difficult to solve.
The parties negociated all night.
a sympathetic gesture.
a nice guy.
carelessly raised the children's hopes without thinking of their possible disappointment.
quaggy terrain.
words of reproach.
his opposition to slavery was unmistakable.
joint owners.
unwholesome habits like smoking.
a moving picture of a train is more dramatic than a still picture of the same subject.
the concentrate of contemporary despair.
the ideas incorporated in his revised manuscript.
an attitude of melodramatic despair.
a clear explanation.
neatly dressed workers.
nitroglycerin is obtained by nitrating glycerol.
a sound sleeper.
the Scots community in New York.
catalytic activity.
a raising of the land resulting from volcanic activity.
The Beauty Queen spends her time dedicating parks and nursing homes.
the work isn't up to the standard I require.
operating in a totalistic fashion.
spare parts.
a sectarian mind.
We elected him chairman of the board.
a palely entertaining show.
rumbling thunder.
endless waves.
live ore is unmined ore.
a full-page ad.
he openly flaunted his affection for his sister.
The company got rid of all the dead wood.
a lurid life.
his change on abortion cost him the election.
a danger to all races over the whole circumference of the globe.
adulterate liquor.
a squatty red smokestack.
insert your ticket into the slot.
rough blankets.
He reproduced the feeling of sadness in the portrait.
the all-important subject of disarmament.
an unintended slight.
he charged them with electoral malpractices.
the delicate cast of his features.
medicinal herbs.
Greetings, comrade!.
I found the movie rather entertaining.
her mood changes in accordance with the weather.
a radiant sunrise.
hawkish congressman.
The whistle blew.
John was kicked upstairs when a replacement was hired.
no mail is delivered on federal holidays.
he spoke loud enough for those at the back of the room to hear him.
We were courting for over ten years.
mushy effusiveness.
a note of biting irony and studied insult.
in a terrible mental state.
a gentle voice.
an ineluctable destiny.
a snug hideout.
bottomless pajamas consisting simply of a long top opening down the front.
We raise hogs here.
foot the bill.
he caught only a glimpse of the professor's meaning.
how would you rank these students?.
Nothing else will serve.
the book of Isaiah.
a wave of settlers.
on the leeward side of the island.
new legislation will put the brakes on spending.
an affirmative outlook.
the student's essay failed to list several important citations.
salaried employment.
British nationalism was in the air and patriotic sentiments ran high.
delusive expectations.
the plot contained too many improbable contrivances to be believable.
The girl in the wheelchair wept with frustration when she could not get up the stairs.
The cat was crying.
an exalting eulogy.
We went mushrooming in the Fall.
his sheathed sword.
there was much exclaiming over it.
he did a stretch in the federal penitentiary.
Christians refer to themselves as gentiles.
socialized ownership.
Square the circle.
elemental sulphur.
with a wry Scottish wit.
they buried him in his best suit.
it was news to me.
an endangered species.
obsolete words.
The President declared war.
The bill came to $2,000.
a psychedelic experience.
fiducial power.
she made gravy with a base of beef stock.
The landscape flattened.
satisfactory living conditions.
a complete set of the Britannica.
a child prone to mischief.
the bird had a knot of feathers forming a crest.
a happy marriage.
an infinite number of reasons.
he kept fighting on pure spunk.
horrific conditions in the mining industry.
brachial artery.
a polar principal.
The company recalled the product when it was found to be faulty.
spend money.
a steady increase.
his girlfriend kicked him out.
The fog cleared in the afternoon.
a dark scowl.
an indoor setting.
felt a deepening love.
an uneventful life.
a derivative process.
it was my good luck to be there.
there are infinitely many possibilities.
10 is the radix of the decimal system.
you could always take a day off.
if a man be gracious and courteous to strangers it shows he is a citizen of the world.
they located it within a radius of 2 miles.
the varnished table top dulled with time.
all men are error-prone.
it was exposed to the air.
polyphonic letters such as `a'.
They prostrated the enemy.
The new constitution mocks all democratic principles.
Vitamin D only synthesizes when sunlight is available.
This dress spots quickly.
the vine climbed up the side of the house.
her nerves were taut as the strings of a bow.
a lay opinion as to the cause of the disease.
a properly balanced symphony orchestra.
adverse currents.
the technical and vulgar names for an animal species.
an unqualified denial.
the region is a few molecules wide at the summit.
stand with legs wide apart.
the divine capacity for love.
wolfish rapacity.
an extinct volcano.
the liquid air of a spring morning.
sleek black fur.
hopes for a durable peace.
unflagging courtesy.
ineffable ecstasy.
lift one's eyes.
uncontrollable pain.
last Thursday.
he argued articulately for his plan.
the coke machine is busted.
celibate priests.
greasy hamburgers.
unforested lands.
he sent Caesar a force of six thousand men.
his mother's death left him in a daze.
the slackening of the wind.
metallurgical engineer.
his curmudgeonly temper.
raised a speculative eyebrow.
pay a call.
the object of life is to satisfy as many appetencies as possible.
he removed the top of the carton.
detection is hard on the feet.
the trucks convoyed the cars across the battle zone.
He should avoid publishing his wife's memories.
a segment of an orange.
a congregation of children pleaded for his autograph.
Call off the engagement.
He caught the allusion in her glance.
Mediterranean countries.
a mass of knotted string.
a tight rope.
venereal disease.
wipe the blackboard.
refined sugar.
the situation slid inescapably toward disaster .
wheat is the stuff they use to make bread.
a growth of trees.
a troop of children.
cut a dress.
cut bourbon.
in the hot seat.
what a nice fellow you are and we all thought you so nasty.
they are up to date.
his silence about my contribution was surprising.
corn pudding.
he took what he wanted and I got the balance.
should have made reservations beforehand.
a vital and charismatic leader.
a diversity of possibilities.
he looked...with clouded eyes and with an altered manner of breathing.
Friday is a sabbatical day for Muslims.
bloody your hands.
men have decreed that their women must be pure and virginal.
Think how hard life in Russia must be these days.
healthful sleep.
sheer silk stockings.
I was called at 5 A.M. this morning.
they developed alternative fuels for aircraft.
a wet cow.
in most schools physical education is compulsory.
the police used a plant to trick the thieves.
sunset industries.
just missed being hit.
the ship's bunkers were full of coal.
the cellar was dark; moreover, mice nested there.
professional training.
raising blazes.
The couple separated after 25 years of marriage.
the pendulous branches of a weeping willow.
the Azores are strategically located on transatlantic air and shipping routes.
She deals in gold.
Walk over to the cabinet.
accustomed to doing her own work.
a little hope remained.
dictators are suppressors of free speech.
dreamy and inactive by nature.
a free port.
each person is mortal.
had ample food for the party.
his shoes were crunching on the gravel.
murder is an atrocious crime.
hold in place.
a length of timber.
The bones are interconnected via the muscle.
one of the spikes impaled him.
a correctional institution.
the duties of citizenship are lost sight of in the wilderness of interests of individuals and groups.
drinking alcohol is a health hazard.
paste the sign on the wall.
I need to give it a good think.
Spassky developed quickly.
these considerations outweigh our wishes.
He overdid it last night when he did 100 pushups.
the novel had chapter titles.
imperial colony.
choice wines.
an enduring disposition.
what is the yardage of this golf course?.
Many teenagers idolized the Beatles.
the holiday gave us the opportunity to visit Washington.
the difference in her is amazing.
back issues of the magazine.
real prices.
there was a watchful dignity in the room.
some invertebrates can regrow limbs or their tail after they lost it due to an injury.
advanced in years.
the tournament was held under the auspices of the city council.
they turned to individualism as their salvation.
She completed the requirements for her Master's Degree.
lithographic reproduction.
native vistas and unkempt rambling paths.
`let me show you my etchings' is a rather worn line.
the ornaments dangled from the tree.
his unstinted devotion.
he had a quizzical expression.
The bubble burst.
The addict was snorting cocaine almost every day.
Were you ever intimate with this man?.
inefficient workers.
seminal ideas of one discipline can influence the growth of another.
the Jamaican Prime Minister.
autosomal gene.
the opposite sex.
got a frosty reception.
the controlled release of water from reservoirs.
spoke a good word in his friend's behalf.
the pass was fumbled.
brute force.
a likely place for a restaurant.
he thought well of the book.
a constructive attitude.
sparing in their use of heat and light.
knew full well.
She cannot forgive him for forgetting her birthday.
I was mugged in the streets of New York last night.
he had a variety of disorders.
follow God's light.
cosmic laws.
The judge decided the case in favor of the plaintiff.
whet my appetite.
gauge the instruments.
the liquid song of a robin.
it was a closed area of employment.
popularity is an equivocal crown.
they study the evolution of the universe.
technical training.
the irony of Ireland's copying the nation she most hated.
carry a cause.
he radioed for help.
we closed the door to Haitian immigrants.
claimants of unemployment compensation.
stick the poster onto the wall.
generally unsociable except with intimate friends.
it is powerful humid.
a pinhead is the head of a pin.
the lawyer questioned the truth of my account.
The cancer had invaded her lungs.
sedulous pursuit of legal and moral principles.
reduced to a microscopic scale.
the statement given under oath was untruthful.
The bedrooms open into the hall.
a two-handed sledgehammer.
why is the middle class so stodgy, so utterly without a sense of humor?.
they came at his bidding.
abide by the rules.
Don't worry about the expensive wine--I'm treating.
The sky was suffused with a warm pink color.
He left the Senate after two terms.
open your eyes wide.
he is out on bail.
gullible tourists taken in by the shell game.
an unofficial estimate.
a craven proposal to raise the white flag.
the scheduled meeting.
the newly opened road.
the sky flushed with rosy splendor.
a visual pattern must include not only objects but the spaces between them.
recent developments in Iraq.
mother's milk is one apocrine secretion.
in many languages, speakers decline nouns, pronouns, and adjectives.
ill from the monotony of his suffering.
Repair my shoes please.
was sloppy about everything but her physical appearance.
the original performance of the opera.
there is a special cleaner for these surfaces.
She manipulates her boss.
a high-backed sofa.
the rectilinear propagation of light.
her pleasant personality is already a recommendation.
antipathetic factions within the party.
The ivy overgrew the patio.
He checked my kings.
a convincing story.
they will probably give you a lot of static about your editorial.
exchange employees between branches of the company.
he still had all his marbles and was in full possession of a lively mind.
a technical problem.
the furniture was covered with dust.
He psalms the works of God.
rows of barbed wire protected the trenches.
there was a break in the action when a player was hurt.
the car couldn't make it up the rise.
The land he conquered comprised several provinces.
my pencils are all pointless.
avoiding the unwieldiness of formal legal processes.
vacuous comments.
troubled areas.
the singer held the note too long.
She reacts negatively to everything I say.
veneer the furniture to protect it.
an exciting account of her trip.
nuclear forces.
the professor returned to his teaching position after serving as Dean.
a working stiff.
an unknown source.
my left hand.
the syllabic 'nl' in 'riddle'.
The bank demanded payment of the loan.
a married couple without love.
My grandfather left me his entire estate.
he has a strong grip for an old man.
paleolithic artifacts.
Her boyfriend let her down when he did not propose marriage.
his narrative was interesting.
growing ever more swollen-headed and arbitrary.
I hope to have finished this work by tomorrow evening.
stood aside to let him pass.
years of dragging war.
expand the house by adding another wing.
he was held on charges of corruption and racketeering.
thick hair.
Gain an understanding of international finance.
the bill's path through the legislature was smooth and orderly.
they formed a community of scientists.
her apparent dominance of her husband was really her attempt to make him pay attention to her.
lofty ships.
baritone oboe.
they did not understand what had happend at the once highflying company.
a foot high.
a glad occasion.
improper medication.
the custom of killing the divine king upon any serious failure of his...powers.
The storm fused the electric mains.
a cold bluish grey.
They hired two new secretaries in the department.
Unfold the newspaper.
a comprehensive survey.
with a sinking heart.
he went elsewhere.
how long will you be gone?.
She walks 3 miles every day.
She invoiced the company for her expenses.
walking at the same measured pace.
she told him off in spades.
a criminal waste of talent.
a cozy arrangement with the police.
he is intelligent but too impractical for commercial work.
stayed home in a sulk.
a long-term investment.
the company had several operating divisions.
lilacs with drooping panicles of fragrant flowers.
Be careful--his secretary talks.
we took the north train.
I mentioned that problem earlier.
The alchemists tried to turn lead into gold.
water is the critical deficiency in desert regions.
the texture of Neapolitan life.
dribble the ball.
adipose tissue constitutes the fat of meat.
the cream of England's young men were killed in the Great War.
The smoke arose from the forest fire.
drape the statue with a sheet.
winch up the slack line.
a glorious work of art.
empty promises.
The child popped the balloon.
When the dog entered the stage, he upstaged the actress.
a film with two-dimensional characters.
meet a violent death.
a fastidious and incisive intellect.
these voices are meagerly represented at the conference.
bent on going to the theater.
a highly derivative prose style.
a limited circle of like minds.
furrowed fields.
pipe oil, water, and gas into the desert.
the number of parameters is small.
poets--those gifted strangely prehensile men.
parliamentary government.
different Thai tribes live in the north.
The tape was playing for hours.
signals from the boat suddenly stopped.
the Welsh marches between England and Wales.
to an eye like mine, a lidless watcher of the public weal.
he carried a gun everywhere he went.
sour milk.
the low-toned murmur of the surf.
stood watching intently.
people are needed who have experience in cookery.
his ambition is to own his own business.
the less he knows the more positive he gets.
The teacher knew how to deal with these lazy students.
polyphonic traditions of the baroque.
His body was deformed by leprosy.
an agony of doubt.
tar the roads.
the internees were enemy aliens and suspected terrorists.
vehement clapping.
argued for the better part of an hour.
did not quite make it.
unemployed workers marched on the capital.
outmoded ideas.
she is 4 years old.
alcohol brought him to an untimely end.
a stripped new car.
the upcoming spring fashions.
oxygenate blood.
the male lead.
swing back.
with heads close together.
the speaker's finishing was greeted with applause.
the drawn draperies kept direct sunlight from fading the rug.
a vibrant group that challenged the system.
the child's misery would move even the most obdurate heart.
flaky soap.
mercerize cotton.
film coverage of sporting events.
a touchdown counts 6 points.
the light of my life.
He was hampered in his efforts by the bad weather.
true believers bonded together against all who disagreed with them.
Can you tinker with the T.V. set--it's not working right.
Treat him with caution, please.
money is short.
the car remained stationary with the engine running.
This plants radiate spines in all directions.
closed-circuit television.
a knockout punch.
he gave the project his blessing.
ardent love.
a major hurricane.
the cost in human life was enormous.
for your sake.
children need a lot of love.
with puffy reddened eyes.
the audience remained seated.
a grievous crime.
cropped soil.
there's a new brand of hero in the movies now.
the third baseman made some remarkable stops.
advertising that strives continually to be different.
he noticed a conflict in the dates of the two meetings.
The boss demanded that he be fired immediately.
that engrossed look or rapt delight.
the story of exposure to lead.
afire with annihilating invective.
Please communicate this message to all employees.
The plot developed slowly.
a literal translation.
the executive branch.
The Allies escalated the bombing.
religious training in a nonsectarian atmosphere.
The garden air overnight liquefied into a morning dew.
unrestricted verbs are usually stronger than those qualified by adverbs.
the children of psychologists are often raised in an atmosphere of experimentalism.
serially composed music.
adjective law.
a flexible wire.
they put screens in the windows for protection against insects.
he is subject to fits of depression.
a confirmed Catholic.
nice manners.
he isn't stupid, but he isn't exactly a genius either.
unmarried men and women.
Light percolated into our house in the morning.
an obedient soldier.
affix the seal here.
We exhausted our savings.
tape the shipping label to the box.
the American constitution has provided a pattern for many republics.
The bubbles swoshed around in the glass.
a decision unfavorable to the opposition.
literary criticism.
undyed cotton.
tall people.
juvenile offenses often reflect an inadequacy in the parents.
thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image.
a slenderly built woman.
a close military haircut.
supply blankets for the beds.
for your personal use.
personal verb endings.
a stretch limousine.
weigh the good against the bad.
The charges were inflated.
rambling forest paths.
the children's responses were admirably normal.
the negotiations were in arrest.
seeds precisely adapted to the area.
washable woolens.
her income was laughably small, but she managed to live well.
a forward plunge down the stairs.
he was pleased by the audience's reaction to his performance.
The camera could define the smallest object.
inside information.
extend a hand.
the vile development of slavery appalled them.
He is hoeing the flower beds.
an email log.
the patient appears cured.
party bosses have a reputation for corruption.
rental charges.
She helped herself to some of the office supplies.
She magnetized the audience with her tricks.
a stretch of clear water.
edible wild plants.
a complicated problem.
the whole country worshipped him.
He will make a splendid father!.
the chief aim of living.
the soul of honor.
he edited the Hemingway corpus.
meek as a mouse.
obsessed by things elfin and small.
the country's largest manufacturer.
didn't care the least bit.
walked with a jaunty step.
the Christmas tree was fancifully decorated.
The ship was wharfed.
an impalpable cloud.
the children came late to school.
an indentured servant.
boys from a deprived environment, wherein the family life revealed a pattern of neglect, moral degradation, and disregard for law.
Her presence lends a certain cachet to the company.
all his money is in real estate.
the child's expulsion from school.
significant details.
ocular diseases.
calico dresses.
oblivious of the mounting pressures for political reform.
a recent acquisition by the museum.
prices plunged downward.
disable this command on your computer.
fresh air.
penal reform.
going into the ninth they were a run ahead.
He landed several blows on his opponent's head.
he treats his secretary condescendingly.
the disease fulminated.
the Central Intelligence Agency.
a man of discernment.
e.e.cummings's poetry is written all in minuscule letters.
wrench one's ankle.
scored a bull's eye.
straplike leaves.
academic exercises.
Antarctica is the only polar continent.
an express shipment.
Tyrannosaurus Rex was a large carnivore.
You gave me to think that you agreed with me.
frozen pipes.
I'll mail you the check tomorrow.
tall trees.
a bedside stand.
an iambic foot consists of an unstressed syllable followed by a stressed syllable as in `delay'.
She forced him to take a job in the city.
The man choked his opponent.
Lamarckian theories.
People recode and restructure information in order to remember it.
freshly painted lawn furniture.
enabling power.
what an ungainly creature a giraffe is.
hot trumpets and torrid rhythms.
dishonor checks and drafts.
the upper bunk.
the perpetual struggle to maintain standards in a democracy.
the exposure of his anger was shocking.
a rising market.
She strode several miles towards the woods.
a primitive frog with unwebbed toes.
the nurse was attentive to her patient.
a crook in the path.
the British call a tv set a telly.
they resented the impingement of American values on European culture.
unseemly to use profanity.
the patients are predominantly indigenous.
all those concerned in the bribery case have been identified.
optimal concentration of a drug.
sealed orders.
his story confirmed my doubts.
curry tanned leather.
the preacher chose a text from Psalms to introduce his sermon.
his letter of recommendation gave her a terrific buildup.
an uneven gait.
This cabinet door doesn't hang right!.
slim flexible birches.
these are real problems that can be dealt with most effectively by rational discussion.
She clawed the doorknob.
a long record of crimes.
the last forlorn attempt.
dreadful manners.
he taught a graduate course on learning and memory.
the pallid face of the invalid.
toss me newspaper.
rain during the middle of April.
the whole of American literature.
the mysterious presence of an evil power.
called for unstinting aid to Britain.
Think what a scene it must have been!.
a bold speech.
lite (or light) mayonnaise.
the blessed assurance of a steady income.
resourcefully he mingled music and dance.
the detective carefully lifted some fingerprints from the table.
Carpal tunnel syndrome.
untempting food.
This medicine is home-confected.
when he returned to work he met many new faces.
I carry her image in my mind's eye.
tightly tucked blankets.
prodigal praise.
the school was built in 1932.
thickset trees.
hypodermic needle.
the quarterback fumbled the snap.
I go for this resolution.
an occluded artery.
fastidious about his dress.
He procured extra cigarettes even though they were rationed.
set his collar in laic rather than clerical position.
the scalable slope of a mountain.
a barefaced hypocrite.
futurist art.
a small misty rain.
a repulsive mask.
a refractory child.
the fullback's smash into the defensive line.
the invagination of the blastula.
Her hair began to grey.
golden age of imperial splendor.
sick of it all.
politicians have to respect a mass movement.
I had known her before.
if you gum the tape it is stronger.
shovel sand.
bottommost shelf.
The kidnappers are asking a million dollars in return for the release of their hostage.
view as important.
are you comfortable?.
a maladroit movement of his hand caused the car to swerve.
they agreed about the difficulty of the climb.
He assumes the lotus position.
solve an equation.
his father signed his report card.
the proposal got a warm welcome.
be prepared for emergencies.
abnormal amounts of rain.
the cantering soldiers.
gave up the large house for economic reasons.
mitigating circumstances.
The wind was howling in the trees.
they struck in support of their claim for a shorter work day.
work the raisins into the dough.
they devote their lives to caring for the sick.
embossed leather.
the military machine is the same one we faced in 1991 but now it is weaker.
floral organs.
artless elegance.
he puts a high price on his services.
the in basket.
a bird with vivid plumage.
speck the cloth.
The child looks unhappy.
there is a tension created between narrative time and movie time.
infinite verb form.
the stomach mucosa was irregularly blackened.
He is spoiling for a fight.
Bullets spanged into the trees.
a site approachable from a branch of the Niger.
far in the future.
publishers reduced print runs to cut down the cost of warehousing.
the gravitation of the middle class to the suburbs.
The teenager wrapped his car around the fire hydrant.
Please bracket this remark.
This brings me to the main point.
a tall story.
lineal ancestors.
he wanted to try his hand at singing.
a specious claim.
a cost-raising increase in the basic wage rate.
though past retirement age he is still active in his profession.
This scene depicts country life.
incidental expenses.
half-timbered Tudor houses.
tripped when he stepped backward.
He jumped into the game.
a shapeless hat on his head.
the author inadvertently reveals the murderer in the penultimate chapter.
contracts offending against the statute were canceled.
she likes to watch `I love Lucy' reruns.
the near or nigh horse is the one on the left.
bottomless pockets.
We welcomed her warmly.
She stuck out two years in a miserable marriage.
the process of calcification begins later for boys than for girls.
a commercial book.
the elementary grades.
the growth of population.
a disingenuous excuse.
unable to get to town without a car.
children skating on a frozen brook.
played with marked cards.
he answered a range of questions.
The blade broke her skin.
a mangy old fur coat.
The dam broke.
cut from one scene to another.
seemed untroubled by doubts of any kind.
The fire charred the ceiling above the mantelpiece.
let's get married so our child can be born legitimately.
she rooms in an old boarding house.
This crime carries a penalty of five years in prison.
the incessant voices of the artillery.
hedge your bets.
the sailor looked seaward.
a cashed check.
ecumenical activities.
guests should never be late to a dinner party.
long branched hairs on its legson which pollen collects.
the plague wiped out an entire population.
put up a gallant resistance to the attackers.
an enigmatic smile.
cannot forbear to close on this redolent literary note.
the resultant savings were considerable.
Communist Party.
no significant difference was found.
extremely unpleasant.
two infantry divisions were held in reserve.
there was practically no garden at all.
the science of genetics.
He rushed down the hall to receive his guests.
a rehearsal will be held the day before the wedding.
the unbroken quiet of the afternoon.
all mammals except monotremes and marsupials are placental mammals.
horseradish grown in poor soil may develop prongy roots.
Bach perfected the art of counterpointing.
he felt around his desk blindly.
grim laughter.
he works comfortably on three continents.
hidden valleys.
Can you afford this car?.
How much does this savings certificate pay annually?.
the semen begins to appear in males and to be emitted at the same time of life that the catamenia begin to flow in females.
an Anglican bishop.
He dealt me the Queen of Spades.
point a finger.
unwavering loyalty.
strenuous exercise.
he paid his bill and left.
all men are mortal.
a starry night.
they are seekers after truth.
standard operating procedure.
The Qing Dynasty fell with Sun Yat-sen.
the collapse of the movement was attributable to a lack of morale.
nicely situated on a quiet riverbank.
create a furor.
sometimes taking an indirect path saves time.
close kin.
with feet black from playing outdoors.
DNA is the king of molecules.
regimental units.
a strenuous task.
trying to keep back the panic-stricken crowd.
the heroic age.
a futile effort.
pad a bra.
demotic speech.
he worked in obscurity for many years.
The students at this school integrate immediately, despite their different backgrounds.
a veiled threat.
his transparently deceitful behavior.
We are taking an orphan from Romania.
hobble race horses.
she was now of school age.
the synthesis and fabrication of single crystals.
his regular calls on his customers.
a little (or small) group.
he painted scenes from everyday life.
time marches on inexorably.
an inclusion in the cytoplasm of the cell.
he does not speak French.
stable horses.
it is a good plan but it has serious limitations.
on bended knee.
manly sports.
opinions are divided.
he studied the French instrumentalities for law enforcement.
in economic terms they are very privileged.
doubtless they had some indirect purpose in mind.
She actioned the company for discrimination.
a lightsome buoyant step.
a sinful person.
our natural environment.
faced an unpromising task.
anthropology's kinship with the humanities.
engaged the gears.
the North Pole and the South Pole are antipodes.
silty soil.
Sorry to trouble you, but....
a pleasant scene.
an explanatory paragraph.
she threw him over offhandedly without even a Dear-John letter.
shrill-toned.
warm-clad skiers.
exorbitant rent.
a calamitous defeat.
they traveled at a rate of 55 miles per hour.
The branch crashed down on my car.
he comes from good origins.
We were hiking in Colorado.
an impersonal corporation.
he had a bit of good luck.
it's federally regulated.
a quaking bog.
multidimensional problems.
he worked intensely.
Draw me a horse.
robots can be on the job day and night.
a typical household circuit carries 15 to 50 amps.
an imaginative dispersal of the pews radially from the central focus of the pulpit.
The chimneys were pluming the sky.
brush aside the objections.
I had no further trade with him.
a mercenary enterprise.
faineant kings under whose rule the country languished.
pretty song.
give a yelp.
blaze a trail.
a slavish yes-man to the party bosses.
little isolated worlds, as abruptly disjunct and unexpected as a palm-shaded well in the Sahara.
She was staggered with bills after she tried to rebuild her house following the earthquake.
twist one's head.
totalitarian theory and practice.
Red wine stains the table cloth.
it was Bernhardt's last appearance in America.
rough seas.
Verdi's earliest and most raucous opera.
mature plans.
federal property.
a direct link.
meet a need.
uninflected words.
I never laughed, being bashful; lowering my head, I looked at the wall.
baste a roast.
an ingenious device.
the fine powder had been atomized by air.
damning with faint praise.
an infallible memory.
flood the market with tennis shoes.
that interpretation is an unfortunate defect of our lack of information.
it was a joint operation of the navy and air force.
diamonds, sapphires, rubies, and emeralds are precious stones.
they waded through the slop.
your invectives scorched the community.
This car suits my purpose well.
she gave me a sharp dig in the ribs.
he keeps bees.
he only works sporadically.
he behaved ignobly.
cars in an unbroken procession.
had a great stake in the outcome.
grant permission.
every Sunday he gave his car a good polishing.
an epicurean banquet.
That wild, speculative spirit peaked in 1929.
The Thanksgiving turkey was pardoned by the President.
vaginal suppository.
bomb tests resulted in the annihilation of the atoll.
Raise your hands.
The scientists set up a shock wave.
Take note of this chemical reaction.
the exhausted food sources.
a prominent citizen.
a free-soil state.
immaterial apparitions.
blistering sun.
a man admired for the depth of his perception.
aged rocks.
huge government spending.
a judicial decision.
I'll second that motion.
while thus unmindful of his steps he stumbled.
His new Mercedes was keyed last night in the parking lot.
his business commitments took him to London.
an exacting job.
scratch that meeting--the chair is ill.
he was alone when we met him.
stereotyped phrases of condolence.
suggestions for further reading.
the Democratic Party is an umbrella for many liberal groups.
she must be somewhere.
speech in this circle, if not always decent, never became lewd.
errors of someone new to the job.
his physician recommended psychoanalysis.
a cheaply dressed woman approached him in the bar.
with arms spread wide.
a bloodbath took place when the leaders of the plot surrendered.
He jawed his bubble gum.
The country lay ruined after the war.
wharf the passengers.
neoplastic cells.
a joyful occasion.
a sanitary washroom.
ear lobe.
Beat the rhythm.
Sales were climbing after prices were lowered.
the oversight was not imputable to him.
a mechanistic universe.
prurient thoughts.
I concluded from his awkward constructions that he was a foreigner.
that is the least of my concerns.
women ovulate about once every month.
during the firework display that ended the gala the noise reached 98 decibels.
circadian rhythms.
a nest of thieves.
reestablish peace in the region.
a wooden box.
it's none of your business.
misplaced tickets.
a yet sadder tale.
a quiet, unobtrusive life of self-denial.
phrasal verb.
pasteurize milk.
'Tis wise to learn; 'tis God-like to create.
they think a meteor cause the extinction of the dinosaurs.
climbed aloft to unfurl the sail.
a spot of bother.
a subordinate functionary.
exercise helped him get the alcohol out of his system.
the reversed collar looked as good as new.
a good exterior paint.
oblique political maneuvers.
strike a bargain.
a rich tenor voice.
refloating the sunken ship proved impracticable because of its fragility.
administrative body.
pull the tab to open the can.
The citizens mark the anniversary of the revolution with a march and a parade.
I sensed the real meaning of his letter.
We shared the cake.
our feathered friends.
acres of level farmland.
a perfect idiot.
talked to each child in turn.
bitter cold.
he refused to put the initials FRS after his name.
give her credit for trying.
contrasting (or contrastive) colors.
denude a forest.
send me your latest results.
a significant change in the Constitution.
the diamond was in a plain gold mount.
argue in terms of high-flown ideals.
a sharp-worded exchange.
conquer a country.
he stood on the balls of his feet.
he was hospitalized for extreme fatigue.
poor damned souls.
skin with a tangible roughness.
his spirit lives on.
He accelerated the car.
hit the exact center of the target.
a clean getaway.
they built small mounds to hide behind.
pathogenic bacteria.
the traffic advanced at a crawl.
broil fish.
within the compass of this article.
puree the vegetables for the baby.
they are the progressive wing of the Republican Party.
He trusted her clear steadiness that she would do what she said.
grade A milk.
peripheral issues.
the rocks stooped down over the hiking path.
a verified claim.
catching cold is sometimes unavoidable.
Indian arrowheads.
my fate is in your hands.
The government resorted to rationing meat.
she has an eye for fresh talent.
the police took steps to reduce crime.
I can see what will happen.
play fair.
ink a pen.
it was a hard sell.
Tongan beaches.
he does not support his natural children.
she had strayed from the path of conventional behavior.
an air umbrella over England.
produced...the common cloths used by the poorer population.
I urged him to finish his studies.
a dancer of exceptional elevation.
you can't be too rich or too thin.
the space between his teeth.
pet the lamb.
the witness is biased and so cannot be trusted.
they changed their dietary pattern.
bites of black flies are more than irritating; they can be very painful.
a towel holder.
This new development finally decided me!.
strickle the grain in the measure.
a skilled trade.
fire a bullet.
the three weird sisters.
clean your fingernails before dinner.
overhaul the health care system.
The new employee dislodged her by moving into her office space.
a perverse mood.
showery weather.
my right hand.
domesticate oats.
pathologically interesting results.
Parboil the beans before freezing them.
diversified farming.
the opening received good critical reviews.
we are still prodigally rich compared to others.
She pieced a quilt.
salaried workers.
bank roads.
focal point.
an architect of premier rank.
this money was fraudulently obtained.
She bunched her fingers into a fist.
if you've time to spare go by air.
Messages must go through diplomatic channels.
in object-oriented programming, objects include data and define its status, its methods of operation and how it interacts with other objects.
the saturation of cotton with ether.
a tired dozy child.
work one's way through the crowd.
a parent severe to the pitch of hostility.
I elected to have my funds deposited automatically.
a full-dress ceremony.
he is a very practical person.
they put it into containers for ease of transportation.
retributive justice demands an eye for an eye.
She gave him a black eye.
the breakout was carefully planned.
How do you utilize this tool?.
time stood still.
top-grade ore.
his concentrated attention.
the depth of his emotion.
jealous of his success and covetous of his possessions.
The room was charged with tension and anxiety.
draw a card.
try to breathe evenly.
the cut of her clothes and the richness of the fabric were distinctive.
moon-drenched meadows.
He was barred from membership in the club.
I've been thinking all day and getting nowhere.
French fries come with the hamburger.
silken eyelashes.
wild talk.
access all the factors when taking a risk.
a telling presentation.
undesirable impurities in steel.
He called me a bastard.
a reflex response to physical stimuli.
bracket bookshelves.
moneyed aristocrats.
an altogether new approach.
a dramatic soprano.
manual labor.
the team's running plays worked better than its pass plays.
We provided the room with an electrical heater.
a surgeon's delicate touch.
a technological civilization.
The rising inflation depressed the economy.
The enemy army came nearer and nearer.
a mucoid substance.
this book is the final authority on the life of Milton.
a branch of the sewer.
he was in bondage to fear:; .
rental agreement.
his performance went over big.
extrude steel.
most applications provide extensions for the files they create.
she had previously lived in Chicago.
range the animals in the prairie.
the senator proposed to abolish the sales tax.
a finished product.
with original music.
most of these complaints are settled before they go to trial.
he held the title for two years.
a couple of indifferent hills to climb.
Her presence instilled faith into the children.
The nation reposed its confidence in the King.
no thank you; I happen to be teetotal.
the speaker made several references to his wife.
his arrow hit the mark.
How can I disentangle myself from her personal affairs?.
mouths which speak such foulness must be cleansed.
the cinema relies on apparent motion.
a clergyman improved the tone of the meeting.
a trifling matter.
we live in a cybernated age.
he turned the box over to examine the bottom side.
aspects of social, political, and economical life.
The teacher cracked him across the face with a ruler.
barren lands.
he gave it a good drenching.
retribution is at hand.
a brilliant star.
Whosoever..believes in me shall never die.
carved out of solid rock.
the strength of his argument settled the matter.
a devotional exercise.
`bosky' is a literary term.
strike `z' on the keyboard.
he felt the presence of an evil force.
He exploit the new taxation system.
he was a charter member of the movement.
I'm so tired of your mother and her complaints about my food.
all my stock assets have vaporized.
tropical fruit.
The Czech border.
a northern snowstorm.
tap beer in a bar.
jellify a liquid.
a stream of people emptied from the terminal.
light blue.
We patronize this store.
test pilots try to push the envelope.
one-way streets.
He manipulated public opinion in his favor.
He refused my offer of hospitality.
any child would know that.
there is no guarantee that they are not lying.
a nervy thing to say.
he was testing the government's receptiveness to reform.
he felt depressed and miserable.
give one's opinion.
I went there personally.
an artistic flower arrangement.
this situation created the inner dialectic of American history.
Today the United States is the only country in the world not totally committed to the Systeme International d'Unites.
a high-octane sales manager.
a low desolate wail.
crabapples make a tangy jelly.
cable trees.
many fond hopes are pinned on rich uncles.
I got nothing but trouble for my good intentions.
compile a list.
The ducklings followed their mother around the pond.
incompetent at chess.
They passed the amendment.
a basic fact.
Auden made verses.
let down the hem.
a noisy sweater.
superimposed rocks.
brassbound traditions.
stop up the leak.
She continued as deputy mayor for another year.
his state is in the deep south.
he used his wits to get ahead.
This kind of behavior does not suit a young woman!.
The canoe tumped over.
the reclamation of delinquent children.
the sordid details of his orgies stank under his very nostrils.
he owns a controlling share of the company's stock.
beaten black and blue.
they travel to China annually.
the two groups differed significantly.
mount a horse.
Such odd-shaped items do not pack well.
the speed with which a program can be executed depends on the language in which it is written.
wiggly lines.
These stories die hard.
each hair consists of layers of dead keratinized cells.
Gas escaped into the bedroom.
The messenger was entrusted with the general's secret.
the recognition of the Rio Grande as a boundary between Mexico and the United States.
last year there was a serious budgetary deficit.
he stood blinking in the bright sunlight.
the strongest support for this view is the work of Jones.
Water issued from the hole in the wall.
she walks less than she should.
homeward-bound commuters.
the vibrating piano strings.
He was dignified with a title.
biologically related.
Who is this man that is hanging around the department?.
was sick and faint from hunger.
undercut a vein of ore.
the loss of vital heat in shock.
an arched passageway.
He blew a lot of money on his new home theater.
illuminated advertising.
a bunch of vapid schoolgirls.
a fiduciary contract.
touched the ornaments with uncertain fingers.
natural blonde hair.
a privy place to rest and think.
This hen doesn't lay.
`viscera' is the plural form of `viscus'.
a quick temper.
A black limousine passed by when she looked out the window.
too facile a solution for so complex a problem.
unflagging pursuit of excellence.
a choleric outburst.
they pinned a `kick me' sign on his back.
raise a smile.
he didn't know the score.
The Greeks personated their gods ridiculous.
law-abiding citizens.
an impressionable age.
was great with child.
he claimed that the evidence against him was a plant.
Get permission to take a few days off from work.
she laid her case of destitution before him in a very moving letter.
of ill repute.
a poem or essay may be typical of its period in idea or ideal content.
the latter-day problems of our society.
the cold neutrality of an impartial judge.
he faced certain death.
an encumbered estate.
he gave it a good looking at.
insentient (or insensate) stone.
The balloons deflated.
too moved to speak.
an arbitrary penalty.
too often the narrative was interrupted by long word pictures.
I was hoping for a yes.
he shot his roll on a bob-tailed nag.
We cannot regulate the way people dress.
the reported findings.
The prisoner writhed in discomfort.
they served me a dish of rice.
He abandoned the thought of asking for her hand in marriage.
a kamikaze pilot.
empiric treatment.
he fought on, broken-bladed but unbowed.
an undue loan.
she kindly overlooked the mistake.
pull your thoughts together.
We hosted 4 couples last night.
shipboard romances.
much the same thing happened every time.
an exalted ideal.
boys in the village have probably been shooting vermin.
a shower of protest was heard from the rear of the hall.
linearly polarized radiation.
She apprenticed with the great master.
obviously bemused by his questions.
as distant and bemused as a professor listening to the prattling of his freshman class.
The oscillator hunts about the correct frequency.
He keeps the shop when I am gone.
gruesome evidence of human sacrifice.
the same man I saw yesterday.
the liquid jelled after we added the enzyme.
don't go beyond the farthermost (or furthermost) tree.
verbal imagery.
the vernal equinox.
She murmured softly to the baby in her arms.
he had a pass for three days.
serial music.
a bullet went astray and killed a bystander.
under wicked fire from the enemy's guns.
the Soviet Union.
The taxes were remitted.
Students must plug away at this problem.
grandparents often pamper the children.
acres of guttural frogs.
You can't fool me!.
an unbound book.
a murmurous brook.
the continued popularity of Westerns.
the only surviving frontier blockhouse in Pennsylvania.
a state of profound shock.
he got a quick rush from injecting heroin.
the uterine fundus.
The bugs pinged the lamp shade.
Students were manning the booths.
waited around for the next flight.
Trojan cities.
a load of bunglesome paraphernalia.
they are friends of the library.
Galileo theorized the motion of the stars.
the cadaver was intended for dissection.
his fate is certain.
He gave me a lot of trouble.
sensory organs.
his wife gave a recital of his infidelities.
tyrannical government.
the ball rimmed the basket.
marine insurance.
Don't twist my words.
an illustrious judge.
an enlightening glimpse of government in action.
marauding rebels overran the countryside.
He strode confidently across the hall.
their spic red-visored caps.
a stimulating discussion.
protected from the bruising facts of battle.
a visual image.
She demanded to see the manager.
nuclear fission.
a mixed neighborhood.
a vitriolic critique.
open-hearth steel.
forked lightning.
this sucks!.
a breakdown of law unparalleled in our history.
a check payable to John Doe.
I was scared out of my wits.
the fugitive has left the country.
She never misses a chance to grandstand.
grew more and more disgusted.
this bus goes through to New York.
The trees are greening.
He was found guilty but appealed immediately.
unlike champerty, criminal maintenance does not necessarily involve personal profit.
beautifully fashioned dresses.
any effective opposition to a totalitarian regime must be secretive and cellular.
She polished off the remaining potatoes.
there's enough for two servings each.
bony fish.
the thrust of the jet engines.
a job requiring nice measurements with a micrometer.
a cessation of the thunder.
the market was up at the finish.
a furled flag.
was well aware of the difficulties ahead.
he got the polarity of the battery reversed.
He vowed never to drink alcohol again.
you haven't got the heart for baseball.
practice greatly improves proficiency.
The Chinese industrialized textile production.
oceanic waters.
Does this material wash?.
The line of men fall forward.
your wish will come true.
This event occupied a very short time.
listening to sweet music in a perfect rapture.
he wore a brace on his knee.
nonprofessional actors.
The conference center offers a health spa.
the buildings were utilitarian rather than decorative.
roving vagabonds.
His daughters are virtually imprisoned in their own house; he does not let them go out without a chaperone.
some joker is blocking the driveway.
a golden voice.
first you have to fill out the requisition.
the public welfare.
The Turks besieged Vienna.
consolidate one's gains.
industrialism prepared the way for acceptance of the French Revolution's various socialistic offspring.
a diligent detective investigates all clues.
fires lit up a diabolic scene.
a high-voltage theatrical entrepreneur.
tie a necktie.
he put on quite an act for her benefit.
he was quick to point out his wife's failings.
drugs causing fibrinolysis have been utilized therapeutically.
single chrysanthemums resemble daisies and may have more than one row of petals.
representative government as defined by Abraham Lincoln is government of the people, by the people, for the people.
He drew her hair through his fingers.
the function of a teacher.
severe-looking policemen on noble horses.
Her new collection of poems was not well received.
the road was closed to vehicular traffic with bollards.
oblivious old age.
an air of unstudied spontaneous utterance is apt to be painstakingly achieved.
took her father's death badly.
feeling woozy from the blow on his head.
The drawing of the suspect answers to the description the victim gave.
adequate remuneration for his work.
exponential growth.
angiograms are produced by angiography.
turn the lights on.
a total failure.
they left the door open.
a parlous journey on stormy seas.
chasing rainbows.
loneliness tore through him...whenever he thought of...even the compromising Louis du Tillet.
an Atlanta-based company.
a paternal aunt.
italic characters.
birds were singing and the child sang as sweetly.
she spoke authoritatively.
took an unfair advantage.
They used to vacation in the Bahamas.
Deng Xiao Ping was purged several times throughout his lifetime.
that rule is no longer in operation.
You cannot get water out of a stone.
mother and son have the same blue eyes.
the boat entered an area of shallow marshes.
serrate the edges of the teeth.
that style is out these days.
The children hunkered down to protect themselves from the sandstorm.
shabby treatment.
the kangaroo's forearms seem undeveloped but the powerful five-fingered hands are skilled at feinting and clouting.
the wrong way to shuck clams.
we couldn't see over the heads of the people in front.
being unemployed is a most unattractive prospect.
the south wall had a small window.
appealing to the vulgar taste for violence.
washing dishes was a nuisance before we got a dish washer.
lines of communication were set up between the two firms.
Nixon stonewalled the Watergate investigation.
the physical exertion required by his work kept him fit.
the area of a rectangle.
a face livid with shock.
a skeptical approach to the nature of miracles.
a fanciful mind.
what he did was beyond the bounds of acceptable behavior.
the time is ripe for great sociological changes.
wheels in axial rotation.
The U.S. is girding for a conflict in the Middle East.
fulgent patterns of sunlight.
What does love consist in?.
the armies were afield, challenging the enemy's advance.
computer literate.
we rarely met.
a flip answer to serious question.
squalid living conditions.
intellectual workers engaged in creative literary or artistic or scientific labor.
the blazing sun.
the army made a final stand at the Rhone.
empirical laws.
a gold carpet.
an immediate influence.
a black-and-white TV.
This money is my only income.
Our house passed under his official control.
the new car is a delight.
to him the antonym of `gay' was `depressed'.
in the best sense charity is really a duty.
the titles go by faster than I can read.
re-create a picture by Rembrandt.
troops advancing in waves.
sloppy workmanship.
his transparently lucid prose.
he earned $100,000 per annum.
their rancor dated from a political dogfight between them.
a seemingly endless round of social functions.
I directed them towards the town hall.
that tie makes a good match with your jacket.
rectify the calculation.
a grandiloquent and boastful manner.
the flower had been correctly depicted by his son.
ancient Italic dialects.
He addressed the crowd outside the window.
widely discrepant statements.
he looked at her speculatively.
a granitic fist.
The new school was named after the famous Civil Rights leader.
American women got the vote in 1920.
a dry reading of the lines.
parting is such sweet sorrow.
mix water into the drink.
unconvincing argument.
lift a ban.
despite student protests, he remained Dean for another year.
a preset plan of action.
the basilar membrane of the cochlea.
The tall tree overshadowed the house.
liberty of worship.
a sticky question.
the sensitivity of his skin to pressure and temperature was normal.
a pendant bunch of grapes.
I respect his judgement.
electrify an appliance.
an easy problem.
aggregate expenses include expenses of all divisions combined for the entire year.
old house.
the central cause of the problem.
the ballet struck me as extraneous and somewhat out of keeping with the rest of the play.
the translation misses much of the subtlety of the original French.
an incorrect calculation.
a palpable lie.
She attends the old lady in the wheelchair.
an ironclad rule.
analysts content that the stock market is due for a technical rally.
the divinely appointed means of rescue from temporal existence.
The doctor advocated a smoking ban in the entire house.
play the casinos in Trouville.
a sentry station.
he walked proudly into town.
I can never remember movie titles.
an exceptionally quick and selective reader.
Can I invite you for dinner on Sunday night?.
a rickety table.
they spend hours and hours just playing the slots.
mystify the story.
an indolent hanger-on.
pizza has too much fat.
drifts of naturalized daffodils.
we must exploit the resources we are given wisely.
The headlines flashed on the screen.
the battle began with a cavalry charge.
glowing embers.
We memorialized the Dead.
his best finish in a major tournament was third.
great oaks grow from little acorns.
The President's wisdom has served the country well.
The apple tree bore delicious apples this year.
a dress dinner.
after full moon comes the waning moon.
let the dogs run free.
Euclidian geometry.
a perforated steel plate.
voguish terminology.
dribble oil into the mixture.
he felt the stinging of nettles.
haul vegetables to the market.
The parents praised their children for their academic performance.
This leaves no room for improvement.
swung the wheel hard left.
the line on the monitor vacillated.
in a world where financial probity may not be widespread.
he told the truth.
I cannot accept your invitation.
I would fain do it.
the major tendencies operative in the American political system.
He joined the Communist Party as a young man.
It will avail them to dispose of their booty.
prove a will.
the then president.
some people believe the day of judgment is close at hand.
intractable metal.
the bullet sang past his ear.
a catastrophic depression.
a sharp knife.
arrogance and lack of taste contributed to his rapid success.
the next item on the list.
they were behaving abnormally.
refine one's style of writing.
the young girls are in a state of possession--blind and deaf and anesthetic.
I prize these old photographs.
This story will grab you.
graphically interesting designs.
Where do you bank in this town?.
he is the prototype of good breeding.
a bend of his elbow.
the cunning maneuvers leading to his success.
the shifting alliances within a large family.
heap firewood around the fireplace.
an unfortunate choice of words.
scale the gold.
The proposal boils down to a compromise.
a ship in distress.
the child drew glass beads on a string.
uterine cancer.
`honestly' in `I honestly don't know' is an intensifier.
they criticised his performance as mayor.
Please state your case as succinctly as possible.
He formulated his concerns to the board of trustees.
a clenched fist.
an open boat.
hepatic ducts.
You are overestimating the value of your old car.
His snoring kept me from falling asleep.
the room is pleasant and understated.
we all had a good time.
he was upstage with strangers.
he's an altered (or changed) man since his election to Congress.
pay up, please!.
reflected heat.
cultivated speech.
this merchandise is sold.
the soup had a fishy smell.
She postured and made a total fool of herself.
acceptance of Newtonian mechanics was unquestioned for 200 years.
He got 5 years in prison.
letters variant in size.
a roundabout route avoided rush-hour traffic.
barometric pressure.
professional theater.
our dog sheds every Spring.
where do we go from here?.
racism is a pestilence at the heart of the nation.
I am guessing that the price of real estate will rise again.
meandering streams.
essentially humble...and self-effacing, he achieved the highest formal honors and distinctions.
wandering about with no place to go.
proud of their child.
sportsmanlike conduct.
The strong magnet magnetized the iron shavings.
hold your temper.
smoke billowed up into the sky.
Fudge the figures.
careless of the consequences.
The unions called a general strike for Sunday.
he wooed her with the confident dash of a cavalry officer.
he devoured three sandwiches.
she satisfied his need for affection.
the former Mormon practice of polygamy.
telomeres act as caps to keep the sticky ends of chromosomes from randomly clumping together.
watery soil.
he was involuntarily held against his will.
the expansion of (a+b)^2 is a^2 + 2ab + b^2.
the song of the wind.
The stock market collapsed.
an unabridged novel.
a British term for `quarry' is `stone pit'.
an unsociable nature...shy and reserved.
a godly man.
it is held in esteem.
he waited impatiently in the blind.
Fear petrified her thinking.
Bill called this number and he got Mary.
erectile feathers.
it was a process of trial and error.
How much do you make a month in your new job?.
there's too much shadiness to take good photographs.
Princeton is in the NCAA Division 1-AA.
The beekeeper hived the swarm.
he was helpless in an important sector of his life.
he enjoyed the laughter of the crowd.
The milk curdled.
a member of his own faith contradicted him.
raving mad.
a mechanism of social control.
ineligible to vote.
the never-ending cycle of the seasons.
jeweled dresses.
medicine is no longer a male preserve.
How fast does your new car go?.
he hit his fist on the table.
most sectarians are intolerant of the views of any other sect.
the immigrants spoke an odd dialect of English.
only the top side of the box was painted.
a decrepit bus...its seats held together with friction tape.
`Acetaminophen' is the generic form of the proprietary drug `Tylenol'.
The young reporter was embedded with the Third Division.
pelagic organisms.
this drug can suppress the hemorrhage.
an external concern for reputation.
she soaked the etching in an acid bath.
a fraudulent scheme to escape paying taxes.
rolling drums.
His knowledge doesn't go very far.
the supernal happiness of a quiet death.
the skunk's intense acrid odor.
His moods vary depending on the weather.
a democratic scorn for bloated dukes and lords.
piratical editions of my book.
A terrible thought gleamed in her mind.
these troubled areas.
papal dispensation.
the college of arts and sciences.
the situation brought home to us the blunt truth of the military threat.
to honor fallen soldiers.
a technically perfect but arid performance of the sonata.
the ray of light revealed his cautious opening of the door.
clotted blood.
a train of thought.
he was marked as a dead man by the assassin.
the staff was inadequate.
John did the painting, the weeding, and he cleaned out the gutters.
My mouth watered at the prospect of a good dinner.
sailing is her favorite pastime.
Inventory all books before the end of the year.
fantastic figures with bulbous heads the circumference of a bushel.
the burden of proof rests on the prosecution alone.
a hormonal imbalance.
spoke in a servile tone.
her jewels are locked away in a safe.
was forced to talk to his singularly unappealing hostess.
one hour of right ascension equals fifteen degrees.
smooth the way towards peace negotiations.
how you can do that is beyond my comprehension.
he smelled offensively unwashed.
it places great tension on the leg muscles.
firm upholders of tradition.
coarse sand.
stupendous demand.
amphibious operations.
take sick.
but wroth as he was, a short struggle ended in reconciliation.
a stable peace.
his face wrinkled in a silent laugh of derision.
therapeutic approach to criminality.
temper steel.
The Sphinx is crumbling.
I am carrying his child.
We went on working until well past midnight.
he hired someone to do the plowing for him.
the antiseptic effect of alcohol.
The film is set in Africa.
the vulgar display of the newly rich.
stand right here!.
critical acclaim.
dingy linen.
with eyes starting from their sockets.
slop the food onto the plate.
the dorsal fin is the vertical fin on the back of a fish and certain marine mammals.
He pitched his voice very low.
darn socks.
tired travelers in wrinkled clothes.
she forbore a snicker.
polish your social manners.
used her parents' influence to get the job.
The rain was sheeting down during the monsoon.
prurient literature.
the figure was about a thousand.
extreme opinions.
his business with the cane was hilarious.
viruses and other infective agents.
He flung himself onto the sofa.
columnar forms.
anonymous bureaucrats in the Civil Service.
in no fit state to continue.
Could you clarify these remarks?.
she was yakking away about her grandchildren.
she was vice-presidential material.
unconsidered words.
heavy infantry.
cut recording tape.
The company matched the employees' contributions.
sows farrow.
Haitian shantytowns.
he made a great splash and then disappeared.
stimulated a surge of speculation.
Nicklaus had a run of birdies.
He often jokes even when he appears serious.
he needed to grieve before he could achieve a sense of closure.
the lawyer has a good record.
arrogant claims.
The boxer drove home a solid left.
She is pouting because she didn't get what she wanted.
Planes lanced towards the shore.
even with his head start she caught up with him.
there were irreconcilable differences.
efferent nerves and impulses.
The ducks and geese puddled in the backyard.
it was a tough job.
representative moviegoers.
Yemeni mountains.
a cosmopolitan herb.
romantic poetry.
a growing enterprise must have a bold leader.
his lifelong study of Greek art.
oxidative rancidity.
the gas expanded to twice its original volume.
he received no formal education.
foliate tracery.
a working draft.
the diffusion of knowledge.
The record contains many old songs from the 1930's.
he relied heavily on others' data.
the car runs more smoothly with the timing adjusted.
vague feelings of sadness.
trench the fallen soldiers.
he felt bad about breaking the vase.
She leafed through the volume.
variable filters in front of the mercury xenon lights.
he touched her intimate parts.
an ironclad contract.
has a dirty mouth.
She felt the heat when she got out of the car.
She waved her hand and scattered the crowds.
load a car.
drive in screws or bolts.
he published an unexpected attack on my work.
the results of two tests were in correspondence.
concealing curtains prevented discovery.
a tight market.
a ragged tramp.
A single rock sticks out from the cliff.
he worked to the limits of his capability.
the tissue around the wound necrosed.
a mouse takes much more room than a trackball.
the Riviera contains some of Europe's most popular resorts.
cloaked monks.
the investigation was very systematic.
the dissolving medium is called a solvent.
words that introduce particulars of the speaker's and hearer's shared cognitive field into the message.
the tower proved to be unstable in the high wind.
the Allied armies.
He assassinated his enemy's character.
trying to drive through a blizzard is the height of folly.
The child had been missing for a week.
the violinist was indulgent with his swoops and slides.
something unnerving and prisonlike about high grey wall.
strait is the gate.
let's meet at 11 A.M..
solid color.
Hitler's attack on Poland led up to World War II.
she was an invitation to trouble.
erect flower stalks.
people were rushing about.
the whole office was late the morning of the blizzard.
there was fighting in the streets.
he asked for a poll of public opinion.
Japanese cars.
representational art.
The doctor decided that the patient must be purged.
a sectional view.
The sunlight stippled the trees.
was quite mistaken.
woolly lambs.
The bellbottom pants flare out.
the dubiousness of his claim.
manifold intelligence.
The employees walked out when their demand for better benefits was not met.
the backpacking of oxygen is essential for astronauts.
someone in the audience began to cough.
a watertight alibi.
a beggarly existence in the slums.
I have something personal to tell you.
a person of broad cultural interests.
the collar has a tab with a button hole.
took early retirement.
let's call heads a success and tails a failure.
they were learning the basic operations of arithmetic.
inequitable taxation.
She supported the motion to strike.
The carpet rolls unevenly.
intellectual bankruptcy.
He told on his classmate who had cheated on the exam.
a lively tennis ball.
are you finished?.
Don't oversimplify the instructions.
physical sciences.
unwarranted limitations of personal freedom.
The thermometer hit 100 degrees.
became more exigent over his pronunciation.
fortunately the weather was good.
spectacular dives from the cliff.
he has a feel for animals.
taken individually, the rooms were, in fact, square.
We preserve these archeological findings.
Will this wallpaper adhere to the wall?.
he watched the impression of the seal on the hot wax.
propitious gales speeded us along.
she felt detached from the group.
He directed all his energies into his dissertation.
a conscious policy.
the act provided a continuing annual appropriation.
a student's attendance is an important factor in her grade.
we watched the late movie and then went to bed.
public figures struggle to maintain a private life.
the parable of the prodigal son.
hurl insults.
low ceilings.
fall prey to an imposter.
the side of Germany conterminous with France.
his trembling was evidence of his fear.
that's cool.
human nature.
throwing a ball underarm.
away back in the 18th century.
while we disliked each other, nevertheless we agreed.
the ultimate question.
in the 5th century BC ancient Athens was the world's most powerful and civilized city.
a few stray crumbs.
music is a temporal art.
a contagion of mirth.
could not walk without assistance.
there was not enough fill for the trench.
the clock showed the wrong time.
taunting shouts of `coward' and `sissy'.
off-line resources.
a group of loud children.
overblown oratory.
The stories had become naturalized into an American setting.
holystone the ship's deck.
a direct question.
a cool-headed fighter pilot.
natural phenomena.
a mental case.
he created a new strain of sheep.
sparsely peopled arctic regions.
blackish clouds.
refocus the image until it is very sharp.
he borrowed a cup of sugar.
The defense attorney charged that the jurors were biased.
subdued lighting.
align the car with the curb.
Ursa Major.
the cold calculation and diabolic art of some statesmen.
She vested her vast fortune in her two sons.
an invalid's pleasures are few and far between.
That left the four of us.
an uncertain smile.
a dry white burgundy.
bravely he went into the burning house.
took his customary morning walk.
the paintings in the church served an edifying purpose even for those who could not read.
his final, straining burst of speed.
unscrew the bottle cap.
the beneficial effects of a temperate climate.
heavy-coated policemen astride noble horses.
They children trooped into the room.
a slow walker.
the effects of sleep loss.
members of the fringe believe we should be armed with guns at all times.
an economically backward country.
he's in the plumbing game.
Mud was sucking at her feet.
in English the subject and the verb must agree in number.
seated with arms across.
due esteem.
the rascally rabble.
he was happy to get the win.
she served us underdone bacon and burnt biscuits.
a valiant soldier.
integrated schools.
the radical character of our demands.
ugly black clouds.
She heaved a deep sigh when she saw the list of things to do.
a registered Percheron.
Germany was unable to pay the reparations demanded after World War I.
suspend the particles.
The old enemies shook hands.
princes of the blood royal.
the religious scene in England has changed in the last century.
a tacit agreement.
The police around here are not motorized and patrol the streets on horseback.
a soundproof room.
sounding brass and a tinkling cymbal.
the mysterious affinity between them.
deadly earnest.
Her optimism neutralizes his gloom.
a reluctance to commit himself.
on the face of it the problem seems minor.
he accepted my offer appreciatively.
His legs should be fomented.
screen the blood for the HIV virus.
the medical fraternity.
an able and resourceful politician.
he had no sons and there was no one to carry on his name.
he carried an armful of references back to his desk.
the hedgehog is a primitive and generalized mammal.
I began to write intermittently and spasmodically.
a sophisticated design.
they formed a small lunch society.
latex from tapped rubber trees.
a confused set of instructions.
It was rumored that the next president would be a woman.
an analgesic effect.
He objected to the allowance of smoking in the dining room.
it takes a big man to play tackle.
a busy man.
gouge out his eyes.
she acts obsequiously toward her boss.
Martin Luther King tried to break down racial discrimination.
an armed guard sat in the box with the driver.
an elegant mathematical solution -- simple and precise.
screen these samples.
her quiet unpretentious demeanor.
in the old days she had been harsh and stiff ; afraid of her husband and yet arrogantly proud that she had a husband strong and fierce enough to make her afraid.
criticized the candidate for not looking presidential.
`your majesty' is the appropriate title to use in addressing a king.
crick your neck.
Please acquaint your colleagues of your plans to move.
the dog licked her hand.
deep thoughts.
ring birds.
arguing children.
the rapacious wolf.
the papillae of the tongue.
he confirmed the wetness of the swimming trunks.
The students all recreate alike.
we lamented the loss of benefits.
the house was filled with company when I arrived.
used unfair methods.
we stood there agape with wonder.
there is a constant hum of military preparation.
Lift a load.
his dying wish.
a person of considerable account.
cut the noise.
drove the nail home.
there was a congressional probe into the scandal.
economics in its modern disciplinary sense.
a transcontinental city.
Her face was pockmarked by the disease.
The label stuck to the box.
surface materials of the moon.
How is it going?.
a sinister smile.
he explained it somewhat mistily.
the house was a wreck when they bought it.
an official banquet.
the temptation to despair may become overwhelming.
the unitary principles of nationalism.
She was named Head of the Committee.
the governor took Communion with the rest of the congregation.
This period is represented by Beethoven.
he kept a careful record of his expenses at the meeting.
the sulfurous bite of garlic.
an ambassador of good will.
he kept trying to see my hand.
I paid with a twenty and pocketed the change.
for greater clarity choose a plain Saxon term instead of a latinate one.
the job of compiling the inventory took several hours.
The Swedes settled in Minnesota.
The doctor recited the list of possible side effects of the drug.
I reviewed the material before the test.
large sums devoted to the care of the poor.
I pledged $10 a month to my favorite radio station.
This painting embodies the feelings of the Romantic period.
a low-budget menu.
I always keep batteries in the freezer.
He slated his talk for 9 AM.
a moderate income.
a clean voting record.
a right-hand glove.
qualify these remarks.
an extended discussion.
They intruded on our dinner party.
they made big strides in productivity.
the revolution of the earth about the sun takes one year.
The figurine broke.
lovers of the past looking fondly backward.
chart the data.
submerged rocks.
The suspect was questioned by the police.
a freestanding bell tower.
the pilot made contact with the base.
Prices tumbled after the devaluation of the currency.
the beginning of the war.
The bond between the signifier and the signified is arbitrary.
macabre tortures conceived by madmen.
a typographical error.
though his methods are indirect they are not dishonest.
a ball of fire.
took the tragic news well.
clandestine intelligence operations.
some who had been on the fence came out in favor of the plan.
in grim despair and awestruck wonder.
old stunted thorn trees.
a short smokestack.
an unmanning experience.
cultivate the land.
amphibious vehicles.
a staccato command.
The news dissolved her into tears.
fair copy.
vagrant hippies of the sixties.
basic changes in public opinion occur because of changes in priorities.
a strained smile.
a President is elected every four years.
someone sedated with scopolamine has difficulty lying.
temperature of plus 5 degrees.
far corners of the earth.
a short view of the problem.
a frivolous novel.
tree lined streets.
a neat tailored suit.
an example that was fundamental to the argument.
The professor consults for industry.
sustained flight.
new potatoes.
a great multitude.
she did not expect the cold reception she received from her superiors.
the bite of satire.
starry illumination.
a competent court.
young children should not be allowed to stay up until midnight.
a variant of the same word.
Language that individuates his memories.
great wealth is not a sign of great intelligence.
The burglars gagged the home owner and tied him to a chair.
I wouldn't have told you this if it weren't so.
She stands 6 feet tall.
Conditions in the slums degenerated.
You will go far, my boy!.
The aerator overloaded.
the strike was supported by the union rank and file.
it was all for naught.
he felt the temptation and his will power weakened.
the nonprofessional wives of his male colleagues.
she did a little dance.
rivers well stocked with fish.
accession to such demands would set a dangerous precedent.
after the trial he gave us the real details.
the treasure is 2 minutes and 45 seconds south of here.
a circle was the embodiment of his concept of life.
the real value of the trust capital may be disastrously less than when the trust began.
These towns are many miles apart.
a venturesome investor.
lecture hall.
optimize a computer program.
the ball hit the pocket and gave him a perfect strike.
The Moonies indoctrinate their disciples.
he read the article in its entirety.
a friendly neighborhood.
He received Christ.
tear off the stub above the broken line.
Nowadays, you can notate an entire ballet; in the old days, the steps had to be memorized.
She traced the circumstances of her birth.
the majority of his customers prefer it.
keep up the good work.
a standoffish manner.
it caused an energetic chemical reaction.
a set of golf clubs.
I haven't been there for years and years.
there was a danger he would do the wrong thing.
I don't feel entirely settled here.
unglazed paper.
pay one's formal respects.
a good steady ballplayer.
hand the elderly lady into the taxi.
the once inhospitable landscape is now tamed.
a prophylactic drug.
The earthquake generated a tsunami.
The body started to decay and needed to be cremated.
The cancer responded to the aggressive therapy.
her blushful beau.
Can the child dress by herself?.
a noticeable lack of friendliness.
supreme courage.
stark mad.
grew the usual vegetables.
a fine-toothed comb.
false teeth.
the synchronized flapping of a bird's wings.
a black moonless night.
shy of strangers.
sometimes her photography is breathtaking.
feathery palm trees.
the eyelike gleam of two distant windows in the dark.
a rampant growth of weeds.
He tithed his income to the Church.
The psychologist raced the rats through a long maze.
a discerning critic.
His heroic deeds were nationalized by the press.
the team played poorly.
He called my name.
a smoking fireplace.
don't argue with the inevitable.
the rotted wood had to be cut away.
a defendant unadvised of her legal rights.
transient laborers.
perennial happiness.
the deceleration of the arms race.
The big vase overturned.
I rarely premeditate, which is a mistake.
the current state of knowledge.
much information is available through computers.
The path spirals up the mountain.
the narrow sense of a word.
intellectually influenced.
The child is taught to obey her parents.
kept abreast of the latest developments.
She claims to never dream.
he took lessons to cure his slicing.
The auto workers are striking for higher wages.
Many mountaineers go up Mt. Everest but not all summit.
an unmitigated horror.
Don't be so serious!.
muster the courage to do something.
a dead battery.
bankers are reluctant to lend without good security.
a rough ride.
a scientific hypothesis that survives experimental testing becomes a scientific theory.
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!.
primitive mammals.
a man of honor.
tender beef.
He killed the ball.
a philosophic attitude toward life.
the superficial report didn't give the true picture.
an all-night drugstore.
fret a guitar.
her blouse had come undone at the neck.
an interior scene.
a Mexican Hairless is about the size of a fox terrier and hairless except for a tufts on the head and tail.
The sugar quickly dissolved in the coffee.
his common sense is a bridle to his quick temper.
in the depths of despair.
insomniac nights.
the economy-size package.
a spare diet.
green wood.
washy coffee.
a problem of the first magnitude.
She barked into the dictaphone.
The car crashed through the glass door.
he made a muddle of his marriage.
an impulsive force.
the therapy was ineffectual.
she always looked forward to the avocado season.
the Nile delta.
an educated guess.
poison someone's mind.
The physicist who found the elusive particle won the Nobel Prize.
The use of computers in the classroom lead to better writing.
fine china and crystal.
please go slow so I can see the sights.
This harks back to a previous remark of his.
a keen musical sense.
the interaction effect is significant at the .01 level.
no less than perfect.
a vacant mind.
closely timed intervals.
an unscientific lack of objectivity.
her work is widely known.
If it rains much more, we can expect some flooding.
English public schools are anachronistic.
They pelted each other with snowballs.
a sup of ale.
I served him three times, and after that he helped himself.
the partitioning of India created two separate and autonomous jute economies.
we saw the actual wedding on television.
moving midweek holidays to the nearest Monday or Friday allows uninterrupted work weeks.
These activities coordinate well.
She rose stiffly, jerkily from the window seat.
linguistic theory.
the storm was responsible for many blocked roads and bridges.
the human body.
render the brick walls in the den.
a watchful parent with a toddler in tow.
The artist must first learn to see.
a fourfold increase in the dosage.
the Greek alphabet has 24 characters.
specimens of graphic art found among extant barbaric folk.
the scale of the model.
few experiences are more traumatic than losing a child.
The point returned to the interior of the figure.
we get two weeks of vacation every summer.
she congratulated him somewhat insincerely.
a very amateurish job.
a slippery bar of soap.
they were able to send their kids to college.
he respected the dignity of the emissaries.
drive a ball.
not everyone shared his placid temperament.
an unskilled painting.
She graduated in 1990.
he gave the napkins a double fold.
the doctor prescribed some medicine for the disorder.
the smartness of the pace soon exhausted him.
`Come whenever you are free,' he said flexibly.
the onsets were closely timed.
tarsal bones.
a flat refusal.
the penetration of upper management by women.
a thin plot.
the party went with a bang.
the quality of students has risen.
The sudden gust of air propelled the ball to the other side of the fence.
scalar quantity.
an arched ceiling.
Correct the mistakes.
the birds were chirping in the bushes.
our shattered dreams of peace and prosperity.
The music decrescendoes here.
a fellow townsman.
a fledgling skier.
his stature low...his bearing ungraceful.
drag this icon to the lower right hand corner of the screen.
painless dentistry.
he admired the inclusion of so many ideas in such a short work.
type the acceptance letter, please.
The smoke blackened the ceiling.
he used a solution of peroxide and water.
John debated Mary.
organic life.
she's in show biz.
the Gothic Bible translation.
the predomination of blues gave the painting a quiet tone.
we're now quits.
The path pierced the jungle.
industries hit hard by the depression.
free public education is the birthright of every American child.
he defended his ideas vigorously.
I doubt these reports.
de-escalate a crisis.
there were marked changes in the lining of the lungs.
unhealthful air pollution.
an enabling resolution.
a hefty athlete.
a right-hand turn.
an easy penalty.
they gave little warning of their arrival.
the canyon had only one issue.
life depends on many chemical and physical processes.
the wrought silver bracelet.
The chemical clouded the liquid to which it was added.
an insatiable demand for old buildings to restore.
the student body.
unbend a bow.
The enemy lay waste to the countryside after the invasion.
He dodged the issue.
She packs a gun when she goes into the mountains.
days of danger and nights of waking.
dangerous waters.
pipe-clay leather.
a sizable fortune.
the river followed its wandering course.
torn by conflicting loyalties.
his hands lay stiffly.
false tales of bravery.
he gave the hood a quick rub.
it is odd that his name is never mentioned.
stellar light.
the fire is out.
he performed a great feat.
How did you obtain the visa?.
bear a scar.
the complete published works Dickens.
the salesgirl was very short with him.
wiry red hair.
this can be empirically tested.
The poets constellate in this town every summer.
an outside chance.
She was serenaded by her admirers.
rise to the occasion.
This will counteract the foolish actions of my colleagues.
This adds a light note to the program.
sneak a cigarette.
people tied by blood or marriage.
An interesting phenomenon uprose.
voltage peak.
timing and technique were immaculate.
a special (or specific) role in the mission.
he hates lukewarm coffee.
transdermal estrogen.
a one-handed backetball shot.
a message of hope for suffering humanity.
he felt a constriction in her chest.
the first baseman made 15 putouts.
eyes with puffed (or puffy) lids.
a flawless gemstone.
the front lines.
the modestness of the living standards here becomes obvious immediately.
to compliments inflated I've a withering reply.
is there extraterrestrial life?.
cradle gold.
The crowd cheered the demonstrating strikers.
the basin of the Great Salt Lake.
was unhurried with the small children.
what a strange sense of humor she has.
immoderate spending.
antipodal points on a sphere.
paddle your own canoe.
a congenial atmosphere to work in.
he rode horseback to town.
a rich display.
incompetent witnesses.
the fabulous unicorn.
`brunch' is a well-known portmanteau.
We cannot legislate how people spend their free time.
the sun has no distinct surface.
post a sign.
untroubled times.
the synchronous action of a bird's wings in flight.
We began working at dawn.
He dipped into the pool.
placating (or placative) gestures.
We must retool the town's economy.
humid air.
an effective temperateness in debate.
Let's not quibble over pennies.
sound the bell.
several people were injured in the accident.
the motor was out of commission.
She plugged a cork in the wine bottle.
they went in opposite directions.
the carpenter should have used his tape measure.
flowery wine.
fitful bursts of energy.
a fattening hog.
You should act like an adult.
gay and exciting night life.
This eight year old boy still wets his bed.
prophetic powers.
necessity lends wings to inspiration.
full-grown.
I feel worse today.
performers and members of royal families are public figures.
a spiritless reply to criticism.
The dress remained wet after repeated attempts to dry it.
the historical Jesus.
prejudices die hard.
versatile moods.
piratical attackers.
a conscientious decision to speak out about injustice.
outwardly, she appeared composed.
the percolation of rainwater through the soil.
a circumstantial report about the debate.
a chilly greeting.
a disc jockey.
tenor voice.
You miserable skunk!.
behind the house lay two nude figures grotesquely bald, with deliberate knife-slashes marking their bodies.
had hard luck.
unparalleled athletic ability.
a fair fight.
developmentally retarded.
The horse reared in terror.
Water leaked out of the can into the backpack.
drive a tunnel.
spacious skies.
Stretch the limits.
clattering dishes.
an unsociable neighborhood.
it is time to go.
The class discussed Dante's `Inferno'.
he behaved egotistically.
his artistic background.
I don't want to go to a restaurant; besides, we can't afford it.
He uprose at night.
stated further that he would not cooperate with them.
events now in process.
entitlements make up the major part of the federal budget.
his bluff succeeded in getting him accepted.
he had a long career in the law.
put out a pickup on that man.
she is not going.
incorporate this document with those pertaining to the same case.
it should arrive any day now.
a bad heart.
Icelandic sagas.
Have the students been apprised of the tuition hike?.
the pilot had to bank the aircraft.
20 or so people were at the party.
acoustic properties of a hall.
half-hardy annuals.
the tail of the storm.
then another melodic line is added to the texture.
There is something missing in my jewelry box!.
a narrow thread of concentrated ore.
We had to cap the number of people we can accept into our club.
sepulchral monuments in churches.
the kid had a candied apple on a stick.
egg a schnitzel.
the moon is waxing.
The cold water quenched his thirst.
a revolutionary junta.
Interest rates run from 5 to 10 percent.
he made a figure of Santa Claus.
I heard about it only secondhand or thirdhand.
polar regions.
The tornado ripped along the coast.
there was a sag in the chair seat.
an impregnable argument.
idle pleasure.
the limitless reaches of outer space.
the firstborn child.
the barrens of central Africa.
They voted aid for the underdeveloped countries in Asia.
heavily armed.
The boat skirted the coast.
his hopes were so high he was doomed to disappointment.
he gave his shoes a good cleaning.
a darkling glance.
The bar keeper threw them out, but they continued to wrangle on down the street.
Planets and stars often are occulted by other celestial bodies.
Modern man evolved a long time ago.
a mussy fussy bedroom.
wondered if she could ever be untidy without feeling self-conscious about it.
The residents sandbagged the beach front.
crimson with fury.
He stays home on weekends.
Don't rush me, please!.
his operas synthesize music and drama in perfect harmony.
She has been playing on Broadway for years.
...its precedence as the world's leading manufacturer of pharmaceuticals.
aircraft with sweptback wings.
The blood test showed that he was the father.
Will Charles succeed to the throne?.
he changed his name in order to avoid confusion with the notorious outlaw.
he followed current trends.
spoke a corrupted version of the language.
the full phase of the moon.
He heaped him with work.
they shared an identity of interests.
project a missile.
things are right again now.
earned income.
that liberal obedience without which your army would be a base rabble.
they were arranged singly.
John moderated the discussion.
an inaugural ball.
Is a salesperson assisting you?.
post a warning at the dump.
they watched carefully.
the lodgment of the balloon in the tree.
he was on trial for allegedly murdering his wife.
she practiced sewing backward as well as frontward on her new sewing machine.
an uninterested spectator.
She believes in spirits.
Coffee and tea stimulate me.
well regulated industries.
lapsed into disturbed sleep.
The Buckeyes fielded a young new quarterback for the Rose Bowl.
piggish table manners.
a dry cough.
trenchant criticism.
the question seems unimportant.
produce a movie.
a merciless critic.
The President was greeted with catcalls.
his powerful serves won the game.
superficial knowledge.
Physicists believe they found a new elementary particle.
a moral life.
sensory channels.
fossils provided further confirmation of the evolutionary theory.
he held the job in his left hand and worked on it with his right.
bump and grind.
brutal beatings.
among his gifts is his capacity for true altruism.
the outbreak of hostilities.
Income distribution often stratifies a society.
a probing inquiry.
She plays on her clients' emotions.
a curtain of trees.
the washing machine needs to be serviced.
providential care.
We will plump out that poor starving child.
a grievous fault.
going in a northerly direction.
reconstructive surgery.
careful art restorers.
never met anyone quite so dim.
Orient the house towards the West.
gone with the wind.
he stated his political testament.
pilots are taught to take evasive action.
These experiences have sentimentalized her.
ravenous as wolves.
cordial relations.
the picture is even with the window.
show me where the business was today.
They tumbled the teams with no apparent pattern.
malarial fever.
food and drink.
the roaches infested our kitchen.
the museum had planned carefully for the flow of visitors.
He was accused of soliciting his colleagues to destroy the documents.
the awkward design of the keyboard made operation difficult.
the desert was edged with sere vegetation.
contractual obligations.
did it solely for money.
a scene of unusual beauty.
so-called bad grammar.
sidesplitting antics.
The men were cruising the park.
commit a random act of kindness.
the play was dramatically interesting, but the direction was bad.
the under parts of a machine.
blunt talking and straight shooting.
the new stock market was unhampered by tradition.
he acted dishonestly when he gave the contract to his best friend.
my dear little mother.
The townspeople defiled the river by emptying raw sewage into it.
it suddenly spewed out a thick green concoction.
maximal expansion.
I stumbled across a long-lost cousin last night in a restaurant.
slaves antagonistic to their masters.
Chanel designed the famous suit.
she dashed out leaving the bar unattended.
Both philosophers concord on this point.
give me a hand with the chores.
A ribbed sweater.
fruitful soil.
you put me to forget a lady's manners by being so verbal.
onomatopoeic words are imitative of noises.
personalized advice.
The dervishes whirl around and around without getting dizzy.
an astral body.
there was a little gush of blood.
a free country.
a responsible adult.
a critical element of the plan.
good printing makes a book more pleasurable to read.
I put these memories with those of bygone times.
a hard-nosed labor leader.
he's always gotten a long leash.
dishonest politicians.
a following wind.
the train clanked through the village.
I couldn't store all the books in the attic so I sold some.
The star captured a comet.
it will be an extraordinarily painful step to negotiate.
sow the ground with sunflower seeds.
he's a newcomer to Boston.
a volunteer fire department.
planted his great bulk square before his enemy.
He was proclaimed King.
getting nearer to the true explanation.
a mud feeder.
deep in enemy territory.
highly paid workers.
Muscles that are not used will atrophy.
the store is famous for the reasonableness of its prices.
She dropped into army jargon.
our bodies jumped nervously away at the slightest touch.
there was a drop in pressure in the pulmonary artery.
there were only 17 votes in favor of the motion.
lay a fire.
pound the roots with a heavy flat stone.
my feet were encased in mud.
a perverted sense of loyalty.
he covered left field.
half an hour.
a literary style.
important people.
The sun parched the earth.
interest-bearing accounts.
domestic wine.
the pleasure of his company.
a burst of applause.
the great perpendicular face of the cliff.
a basic story line.
lag pipes.
cock one's head.
unassuming to a fault, skeptical about the value of his work.
a charming little cottage.
a nonsensical jumble of words.
He twanged his bow.
of no avail.
switched from keyboard to voice mode.
her face was beautifully made up.
empirical data.
a man of many desires.
The outspoken cabinet member was sidelined by the President.
he has delusions of competence.
a snug little sailboat.
charts of bloodless economic indicators.
the initiative phase in the negotiations.
the Latin Quarter.
his documentary sources are demonstrably wrong.
the publisher was responsible for all the artwork in the book.
a flat roof.
they kept in daily contact.
in chess your should take care of your development before moving your queen.
prima ballerina.
he asked if they could spare one of their horses to speed his journey.
depletion of the oxygen existing in the bloodstream.
a safe trip.
He began early in the day.
He prides himself on making it into law school.
the tribes like to hawk in the desert.
pull the oars.
if you want to be a success you have to dress like a success.
radiochemistry.
The new secretary introduced a nasty rumor.
he wrote a textbook on the electrical effects of transposition.
I won't stoop to reading other people's mail.
dipping each his bread into a communal dish of stew.
the broadcast reached an audience of millions.
her sweet unpainted face.
they have very small limbs with only two fully developed toes on each.
a viable fetus.
moved to curb their untoward ribaldry.
send a package collect.
the child clung desperately to her mother.
fastidious microorganisms.
the diacritic elements in culture.
She fell ill.
his ignominious incarceration in the local jail.
from time to time she contributed a personal comment on his account.
nothing came of his grandiose plans.
a total eclipse.
he longed for the fields of his youth.
ask a nonsensical question and get a nonsensical answer.
every able-bodied young man served in the army.
She retained her composure.
move the needle further outward!.
quality paper.
The mafia liquidated the informer.
shoddy business practices.
dank rain forests.
dethaw the meat.
wet sidewalks.
the American Legion.
The critics puffed up this Broadway production.
skills made redundant by technological advance.
your fears have no basis in fact.
The news of the executions horrified us.
a car with left-hand drive.
who is the caller of this meeting?.
a carrier remains infective without himself showing signs of the disease.
a drained tank.
turn out the lights.
a night of shallow fretful sleep.
She is running a relief operation in the Sudan.
the phenol resins and plastics were the original synthetic thermosetting materials.
The teacher often flogged the students.
the surprise party was a complete failure.
I still have one good leg.
pure science.
growing fatigue was apparent from the decline in the execution of their athletic skills.
three-ply yarn.
She was seduced by the temptation of easy money and started to work in a massage parlor.
fell behind in his studies.
Suspense was building right from the beginning of the opera.
the best mirror is an old friend.
He navigated his way to the altar.
silly phrases fell from her mouth.
an off-line ticket office.
seed clouds.
an outside door.
Our meeting afforded much interesting information.
had a nice time at the party.
pour water over the floor.
The water in the bowl froze.
she eased the ball-shaped doodad back into its socket.
he holds a position of great responsibility.
She abjured her beliefs.
peanut politicians.
The noise and the screaming brought the curious.
the slashed prices attracted buyers.
rugged ground.
an ossified bureaucratic system.
a glad smile.
file one's fingernails.
an improbable event.
Utah and the contiguous state of Idaho.
this kind of tension is not good for my nerves.
she enjoys a hike in her spare time.
Here the author is quoting his colleague.
the mating of some species occurs only in the spring.
sketch the outline of the book.
a good-natured and hospitable man.
relativistic increase in mass.
unable to obtain funds.
he considered the prize too paltry for the lives it must cost.
Homeric Greek.
The doctors drew medical supplies from the hospital's emergency bank.
There were trees growing all around.
she stayed longest.
peaceful times.
they decided to reposition their furniture in a recommended repository in Brooklyn.
war that caught them in its toils either psychologically or physically.
buttons and needles are notions.
a cell-free homogenate of the thyroid.
The fog blurs my vision.
surprisingly the curtain started to rise while the houselights were still undimmed.
the witness remained silent.
abstemious with the use of adverbs.
These data would have muddied the prediction.
I photographed the scene of the accident.
water slipped from the polished marble.
he has a master's touch.
gave grudging consent.
what a cat she is!.
his behavior was not in keeping with the occasion.
dextrously he untied the knots.
dangerous surgery followed by a touch-and-go recovery.
overseas markets.
scientists felt they were a group apart.
all respectable companies give guarantees.
wildcat stock speculation.
metatarsal bones.
The ducks quacked.
colorful autumn leaves.
he goes to France for variety.
he was short and stocky.
a suppliant for her favors.
the operation of a computer presents and interesting analogy to the working of the brain.
a primary interest.
The burglar jimmied the lock.
the duchess would not put up with presumptuous servants.
saw wood for the fireplace.
Families cocoon around the T.V. set most evenings.
a regulatory gene.
I won't let the police search her basement.
axial angle.
a new comet.
the professor scaled the students.
the royal crest.
television cameras were admitted in the courtroom.
live entertainment involves performers actually in the physical presence of a live audience.
the fetus has well developed organs.
the British term for arson is fire-raising.
regretful over mistakes she had made.
an indiscriminate mixture of colors and styles.
a patchy essay.
their research uncovered new disease agents.
the murderer was incarcerated for the rest of his life.
the earth was without form, and void.
they demanded the right of assembly.
deep purple.
fought to keep the union intact.
the boat had a metallic finish.
publicly provided medical care.
the lone doctor in the entire county.
a hotheaded decision.
a movie with a bittersweet ending.
He felt his flesh crawl.
Gut the building.
an exact and minute report.
thick fog.
mental images of happy times.
Interstate Highway Commission.
the formidable army of brains at the Prime Minister's disposal.
combustion products are exhausted in the engine.
a stormy marriage.
the Bight of Benin.
centralized control of emergency relief efforts.
provided them with all things needful.
Cartesian linguistics.
Don't handle the merchandise.
with malice aforethought.
perineal pains.
surface instruments for detecting oil deposits.
his knowledgeability impressed me.
the rumors weren't even faintly true.
great affairs of state.
an elastic band.
frenetic screams followed the accident.
reached an impasse on the negotiations.
We watered the buffalo.
a deficient education.
The King will read the proclamation at noon.
chip the glass.
the plant releases a gas.
exuberant compliments.
no escape from the ghetto of the typing pool.
incorruptible judges are the backbone of the society.
he is interested specifically in poisonous snakes.
he held several valuable securities.
his interest eroded steadily.
This statement misrepresents my intentions.
the mystery has been heightened by many embellishments in subsequent retellings.
an undemanding boss.
He passed his hands over the soft cloth.
a headed column.
Danny's preferred name is `Dan'.
it was glaringly obvious.
a gay old rogue with an eye for the ladies.
a style described as abrasive and contentious.
refer to your notes.
some men dislike brainy women.
stomach walls.
The most difficult task fell on the youngest member of the team.
broken terrain.
manufacturing is vital to Great Britain.
he set a high valuation on friendship.
neglectful parents.
a trim little sailboat.
order ruled in the streets.
model the latest fashion.
female holly trees bear the berries.
dyslogistic terms like `nitwit' and `scalawag'.
The lazy student promised to reform.
the city pulsated with music and excitement.
the sun set behind the brow of distant hills.
an absolutely magnificent painting.
a spiritual approach to life.
unworthy of forgiveness.
recorded holders of a stock.
hydroelectric power.
rows of identical houses.
his hair needed a comb.
a nervous thoroughbred.
a chain of daisies.
charming in its pastoral setting.
my writhen features.
none too prosperous.
their goal was to reestablish the Caliphate.
`and' in `John and Mary' or in `John walked and Mary rode' is a coordinating conjunction; and so is `or' in `will you go or stay?'.
an endless chain.
The terrible news ended our hopes that he had survived.
civic center.
These foods tend to constipate you.
bubble gas through a liquid.
The novel spans three centuries.
dead right.
she felt a stab of excitement.
marinade herring.
this kind of infection generalizes throughout the immune system.
was thunderstruck by the news of his promotion.
endowed with good eyesight.
a gabled roof.
only the bare facts.
they stood rooted in astonishment.
disjoint the chicken before cooking it.
a matter-of-fact (or pragmatic) approach to the problem.
plate spoons with silver.
fix a race.
She proposed a new theory of relativity.
an imaginative orchestral idiom.
he made a mint on the stock market.
append a charm to the necklace.
our manifold failings.
let us proceed methodologically.
I rather regret that I cannot attend.
a suborbital bone.
the question of disease merits serious discussion.
a Boston brahman.
argument could not determine its truth or falsity.
She maneuvered herself into the directorship.
she wore dun.
deep-toned.
the bull was worth good money in servicing fees.
mindful of his responsibilities.
gave him a merciless beating.
he acted irresponsibly.
there was no occasion for complaint.
events suddenly took an awkward turn.
reducible to a set of principles of human nature.
The results of the elections were still being processed when he gave his acceptance speech.
much that was dark is now quite clear to me.
his dress stops just short of undue elegance.
They squeezed money from the owner of the business by threatening him.
He cut the paper lengthwise.
`Precisely, my lord,' he said.
opaque windows of the jail.
with its sails afoul.
jack up the car so you can change the tire.
bilingual education.
so live your life that old age will bring no regrets.
he eats too much sugary food.
this style of shoe is in demand.
The child suffocated herself with a plastic bag that the parents had left on the floor.
accusative endings.
the children had to be in bed before it was time for the trimming of the tree.
The teacher disciplined the pupils rather frequently.
scuffed shoes.
recess the piece of wood.
the boat limped into the harbor.
the arterial system.
he pulled the covers over his head and went to sleep.
cryonics is more science fiction than serious science.
it is easier to work in metric.
a Gypsy fortune-teller.
he studied the physics of radiation.
The court adjourned.
a man of unbendable perseverence.
the closing scene of the film.
The committee explained their plan for fund-raising to the Dean.
well-leavened.
it's a good thing that I wasn't there.
applaudable efforts to save the environment.
When he saw the police car he froze.
she wore a skirt with checks.
Twist the strips of dough.
She charmed him into giving her all his money.
The Czechoslovakian population.
spiders spin a fine web.
The police confiscated the stolen artwork.
please move clockwise in a circle.
he had drunk more than he could carry.
during the construction we had to take a detour.
Fear God as your father.
an onshore gale.
they handled the incident with kid gloves.
take a pulse.
the officer's equivocal behavior increased the victim's uneasiness.
the huge desert voids.
the arteries were diffusely narrowed.
his face all ablaze with excitement.
the club will be formally recognized.
she had a tattoo just above her bellybutton.
These news depressed her.
The Germans struck Poland on Sept. 1, 1939.
violate my privacy.
a new budget of unaccustomed austerity.
a sanative environment of mountains and fresh air.
a glabrous scalp.
the part he failed was the naming of state capitals.
He gesticulated wildly.
the plane's nose yawed.
carnivorous plants are capable of trapping and digesting small animals especially insects.
look for an early end to the negotiations.
their muscles stood out in knots.
`ane' is Scottish.
his conclusion took the evidence into account.
in his birthday suit.
recruit new soldiers.
Bush is charting a course to destroy Saddam Hussein.
there is a vast disconnect between public opinion and federal policy.
pretend the title of King.
they communicated nonverbally.
metamorphic rocks.
an ukempt appearance.
a stock item.
utmost contempt.
a gesture of defiance.
partition a room off.
a nonverbal intelligence test.
vamp up an excuse for not attending the meeting.
cell-free systems.
a scant cup of sugar.
a convalescent needs uninterrupted sleep.
total eclipses are rare events.
they collected blood scrapings for analysis.
the auditorium was full to overflowing.
a thorough search of the ledgers revealed nothing.
quiet: an antipode to focused busyness.
rockets were much too fractious to be tested near thickly populated areas.
a great crisis.
Elizabethan music.
the machine dispenses soft drinks.
they moved to somewhere in Spain.
even amoeba are sensible creatures.
uninvited thoughts.
houses on fire.
the sepulchral darkness of the catacombs.
ludicrous green hair.
This new theory owes much to Einstein's Relativity Theory.
the caudal end of the body.
the government made an announcement about changes in the drug war.
melodically interesting themes.
he lived long enough to see the fruit of his policies.
they didn't have to use coercion.
They acquired a new pet.
junk an old car.
too many laws are a drag on the use of new land.
many routes are unsafe or disrupted.
he snatched the bills clumsily.
her inclination is for classical music.
insuperable heroes.
she grew up with him in unselfconscious friendship.
tenacious burrs.
all their supporters came out for the game.
there was a ceremony to induct the president of the Academy.
formal logicians are not concerned with existential matters.
getting near to the true explanation.
come into the room.
the social dislocations resulting from government policies.
even in laughter the heart is sorrowful.
mind has become self-reproducing through man's capacity to transmit experience and its products cumulatively.
tumid political prose.
a decentralized and localized political authority.
lined books are more enduring.
he repaired the TV set expertly.
ill-advised efforts.
they applied for an extension of the loan.
scars defaced her cheeks.
Many senators were named in connection with the scandal.
a wide and unsectarian interest in religion.
straight roads across the desert.
a fanciful pattern with intertwined vines and flowers.
arenaceous limestone.
he spoke in a nervous tone of voice.
an ethical lawyer.
He added an appealing and memorable figure to popular American mythology.
The furniture molded in the old house.
She stood there winnowing chaff all day in the field.
the scapose portion of a feather.
add it to my score and I'll settle later.
a sheltered harbor.
coarse meal.
The police attempted to stop the thief.
turn the clay on the wheel.
plains fertilized by annual inundations.
an anesthetic state.
the investigative committee will hold hearings in Chicago.
stir the soup.
multiple birth.
We did 6 miles on our hike every day.
a critical illness.
he took a trip to the shopping center.
an indolent ulcer.
he faked the signature.
what gives?.
The vote in New Hampshire often decides the outcome of the Presidential election.
The cuff of the coat had been resewn.
we were unprepared for the apparition that confronted us.
there was a question about my training.
He denied the allegations.
a convulsive rage.
wholesome food.
synchronize this film.
build a modern nation.
a policy of open-eyed awareness.
his playing coruscated throughout the concert hall.
triple-valued.
the sacred name of Jesus.
one of the old masters.
a tributary colony.
the sensitiveness of Mimosa leaves does not depend on a change of growth.
a consummate fool.
a young man sure to get ahead.
is anything the matter?.
just steam the vegetables.
he sat in moody silence.
a stabbing remark.
She sighed sadly.
he proposed an elaborate program of public works.
we got up before dawn.
grant a privilege.
a reluctant smile.
a simple game.
the rising generation.
limit the time you can spend with your friends.
they had the big top up in less than an hour.
the student worked a few jokes into his presentation.
the powers of darkness.
found the straying sheep.
she made a funny.
an aesthetic person.
a detached part.
Can you disentangle the cord?.
untouchable resources buried deep within the earth.
The nurse packed gauze in the wound.
The trees were shutting out all sunlight.
a budding friendship.
slam the ball.
the outcome was in his favor.
blood from his cut forehead.
I reported her to the supervisor.
Siamese kings.
light-headed with wine.
news travelled fast.
She fell sick last Friday, and now she is in the hospital.
please put the clean dishes back in the cabinet when you have washed them.
the knocker thudded against the front door.
vitreous rocks.
ireful words.
he was pushed roughly aside.
caller fish.
traffic congestion.
Her smile betrayed her true feelings.
the Syrian government.
an incident fraught with danger.
This baker specializes in French bread.
a simile has at least two layers of meaning.
a wide unbridgeable river.
don't soil your clothes when you play outside!.
I need to mature my thoughts.
doing a brisk business.
professorial demeanor.
they departed hurriedly because of some great urgency in their affairs.
he was available and willing to accompany her.
The bull was riding the cow.
John trailed behind his class mates.
These constitute my entire belonging.
all day long, he mindlessly filled out forms.
We found the money to send our sons to college.
range of motion.
he was killed outright.
the restriction of the infection to a focal area.
yogurt made with skim milk.
they spent their weekends at the local malls.
We won only to lose again in the next round.
an unwilling assistant.
he offered odds of two to one.
the increase in unemployment.
a steadfast ally.
the critic was considered to be an arbiter of modern literature.
monolingual speakers.
the uncomfortable truth.
it was a bewildering array of books.
the caducous calyx of a poppy.
shirts with detachable collars.
some fool idea about rewriting authors' books.
felt ashamed of my torn coat.
a little masterpiece of low-keyed eloquence.
beggars waited just outside the entryway to the cathedral.
they always sat on the right side of the church.
a heavy fine.
it was a satanic cult.
it is late and thus we must go.
The snake charmer fascinates the cobra.
surprisingly knowledgeable about what was going on.
You never understand what I mean!.
The President covered the fact that he bugged the offices in the White House.
more vindictive than jealous love.
he stood foursquare for religious liberty and toleration.
Your ability to speak six languages amazes me!.
The car salesman had snared three potential customers.
Her dream really materialized.
The public buildings were festooned for the holiday.
a slack rope.
hearts were trumps.
geneticists only recently discovered the identity of the gene that causes it.
felt mortified by the comparison with her sister.
a genial host.
Halve the cake.
the ancients believed that blood was the seat of the emotions.
condense the contents of a book into a summary.
you should have read the small print on your policy.
we're in the soup now.
a gawky lad with long ungainly legs.
deadly poisons.
This library was well conceived.
The prisoner was paroled after serving 10 years in prison.
good agricultural soil.
crested oriole.
remit $25.
a blessed time.
What did you get at the toy store?.
a shaped handgrip.
LSD is a powerful hallucinogenic drug.
they offered the convenience of an installment plan.
The balloon shrank.
her favorite Beatitude is `Blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the earth'.
he opposed the inauguration of fluoridation.
the gross details of the structure appear reasonable.
he lost his faith but not his morality.
I wish that Christmas were over.
I inherited my good eyesight from my mother.
I'm a goner if this plan doesn't work.
their late quarrel.
they soaked the leather to made it pliable.
self-conscious about their roles as guardians of the social values.
a furnished apartment.
a small knot of women listened to his sermon.
an eager look.
unpaved rural roads.
strategic bombing missions.
illness forced him to live an inactive life.
The horns of the taxis blared.
diphthongs are complexions of vowels.
but there is no choice.
the waiters were unflurried and good natured.
the throat of the vase.
an unsettled issue.
He despises the people he has to work for.
Yugoslavian wine.
She scrubbed his back.
he took a header into the shrubbery.
bright faces.
profound contempt.
Her heart was beating fast.
consequences odious to those you govern.
The dress hugged her hips.
a film with a solemn social message.
an overly strict and inhibiting discipline.
every chance of winning.
he answered very indirectly.
her husband seemed to know many of the people who were named, but he replied evasively when asked who they were.
unemployment fell during the last quarter.
it is necessary to remove the adulterants before use.
partial to horror movies.
justify the margins.
a pretty mess.
lambent tongues of flame.
a critical attitude.
he tried to pick up the strands of his former life.
the long sought relatives.
a pile of unironed laundry.
Take a cookie!.
the facts had been brought to the surface.
the doctor's writing was illegible.
The children are having fun puddling in paint.
ambitious schedule.
John is rich.
digestive ferment.
She had never sung better.
valedictory praise for his uniformly manly course.
the platoon ran into a pack of hostiles.
a concern with outward beauty rather than with inward reflections.
he dropped a word in the right quarter.
cigarettes kill.
a cautious driver.
the margin of victory.
a soldier manned the entrance post.
his off-the-wall antics.
she reached into her bag and found a comb.
feeling horny.
slashed cuffs showing the scarlet lining.
fell upon trying times.
a sluggish stream.
the consolidation of the United States' hegemony over a new international economic system.
before it was known that they were the same object the evening star was called Venus and the morning star was called Lucifer.
voluntary muscles.
The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth.
on the lecture circuit.
he thought of answering with the truth but he knew they wouldn't believe it.
we agreed tentatively on a dinner date.
He uttered strange sounds that nobody could understand.
he was not good at heaving passes.
a verbal protest.
nonsense syllables.
Let's plant flowers in the garden.
unexpended provisions.
he was arrogant and occasionally callous.
the dictated terms of surrender.
an ungenerous response to the appeal for funds.
every number has a unique position in the sequence.
a zero score.
draw on a cigarette.
extend my greetings.
no excess was too monstrous for them to commit.
the firm is dismissive of the competitor's product.
an economic use of home heating oil.
she used a different color for the trim.
The troops scaled the walls of the fort.
abnormal profits.
The defendant answered to all the charges of the prosecution.
he took the rejection very hard.
desire for undue private profit.
the tourists were baking in the heat.
the president is amenable to the constitutional court.
a contented smile.
I finally settled with my old enemy.
his lectures have no structure.
her price is far above rubies.
an uncouth soldier--a real tough guy.
eskimos of the eastern Arctic have a system of syllabic writing.
he's hot at math but not so hot at history.
violate the basic laws or human civilization.
in the wake of the accident no one knew how many had been injured.
the out doorway.
he was tingling with pleasure.
dress troops.
a nice day.
the soldiers were put on fatigue to teach them a lesson.
cut tobacco.
The President of this university really connects with the faculty.
dried fruit.
Tom and Dick were both heroes but only the former is remembered today.
Your grade will depends on your homework.
aircraft noise is particularly bothersome near the airport.
this child already speaks grammatically.
it will be variably cloudy.
a finely chiseled nose.
this report is incomparable with the earlier ones because of different breakdowns of the data.
Much benevolence of the passive order may be traced to a disinclination to inflict pain upon oneself.
This car rides smoothly.
does the weekly marketing at the supermarket.
he claimed a violation of his rights under the Fifth Amendment.
the incumbent governor.
truck fresh vegetables across the mountains.
the range of a supersonic jet.
The ex-slave tasted freedom shortly before she died.
that candidate does not have sufficient visibility to win an election.
spoke in a level voice.
He dragged me away from the television set.
her clothes were in sad shape.
Their words obnubilate their intentions.
he snapped indignantly.
That tower rays a laser beam for miles across the sky.
a peasant, dark, lean-faced, wind-inured.
an atmosphere charged with excitement.
raised eyebrows.
sacred rites.
thyroid deficiency.
We were hit by really bad weather.
when Felix first saw a garter snake.
the solution took hundreds of iterations.
strike a match.
convulsions of laughter.
an article of clothing.
determined who was the responsible party.
She bogged down many times while she wrote her dissertation.
We familiarized ourselves with the new surroundings.
tension holds the belt in the pulleys.
stub a field.
the fort was held by about 100 effective soldiers.
Indent the paragraphs of a letter.
bronchial tubes.
uncorrected astigmatism.
the solidity of the evidence worked in his favor.
The canal will transit hundreds of ships every day.
she said her son thought Hillary was a bitch.
a far from peaceful Christmas.
he enjoyed selling but he hated the travel.
fearful slum conditions.
ironically, he ended up losing money under his own plan.
the tea is brewing.
we need water bad.
The actress abused the policeman who gave her a parking ticket.
She locked her jewels in the safe.
Maine is a leading producer of potatoes.
She succeeded in persuading us all.
led an honorable life.
thanks heaps.
She enlarged the flower beds.
skip town.
she went peddling furiously up the narrow street.
seedless grapefruit.
a rare work, today almost inaccessible.
when the rain came he could hear the sound of thunder in the background.
they feared exposure of their campaign plans.
he did the job rather incompetently.
the dissertation was entitled, modestly, `Remarks about a play by Shakespeare'.
a tiered mound.
a series of dreary dinner parties.
minor back roads.
the engine is idling.
we have to distance ourselves from these events in order to continue living.
you are biasing my choice by telling me yours.
a butcher is unlikely to preach vegetarianism.
a foldaway bed.
single-stranded RNA.
The Missouri and Mississippi Rivers together form the third longest river in the world.
the great auk.
the children behaved well.
the besieged town.
His behavior has patented an embarrassing fact about him.
a drifting double-dealer.
whiff a pipe.
The policeman downed the heavily armed suspect.
The home team was gaining ground.
bring charges.
radial heat.
they listened to her proposal.
the winning score came with less than a minute left to play.
Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet eating some curds and whey.
a charming but thoroughly insincere woman.
fog-cloaked meadows.
he took off with a squeal of tires and left the other cars far behind.
C sharp.
his hesitancy revealed his basic indisposition.
This short story allows of several different interpretations.
heard the soft and compassionate voices of women.
drops of wet gleamed on the window.
our views on this matter coincided.
feeling comfy now?.
frictional electricity.
arithmetical computations.
he shuffled out of the room.
folk songs woven into a symphony.
a murmur of acquiescence from the assembly.
legislation excluding undesirable aliens.
the foremost compartment of the ship.
The rebels threaten to seize civilian hostages.
He interceded in the family dispute.
sharp-clawed.
The chairman was hobbled by the all-powerful dean.
The teacher should not deprecate his student's efforts.
he helped her clear the dining table.
pale prose with the faint sweetness of lavender.
his `Hamlet' lacks the brilliance that one expects.
we moved back from the encroaching tide.
soft voices.
deficient in common sense.
southern hospitality.
The teacher failed six students.
the flashings of pain were a warning.
mobilization of the country's economic resources.
providing the ground soldier with increasingly potent weapons.
the repaving results in many blocked streets.
he complained about the subtraction of money from their paychecks.
a quarter after 4 o'clock.
a mature cell.
he gave liberally to several charities.
they played word games.
gave him a malign look.
dab the wall with paint.
retraction of the foreskin.
the fine hand of a master.
sectional tensions arose over slavery.
These symptoms indicate a serious illness.
three-headed Cerberus.
a succession of stalls offering soft drinks.
a comprehensive history of the revolution.
we do not doubt that England has a faithful patriot in the Lord Chancellor.
man is an imitative being.
pull the string gently.
an exhausting job in the hot sun.
The street where the President lives is always barricaded.
the product of 2 and 3 is 6.
the wan light of dawn.
tomorrow my dentist will fit me for a crown.
a plucked chicken.
the drug is intended to be administered parenterally.
premeditated murder.
notice came so tardily that we almost missed the deadline.
he was unable to make his motion because he couldn't get recognition by the chairman.
he felt a kind of religious zeal.
mineral deposits.
her infuriating indifference.
puffy tumid flesh.
Better by far that you should forget and smile / Than that you should remember and be sad.
there was a terrible flap about the theft.
all the window alarms are connected.
auditory processing.
he applied for an appointment in the treasury.
a completed forward pass.
it was woefully inadequate.
Her childish behavior really get to me.
vapid tea.
The nurse bandaged a sprained ankle.
The river zigzags through the countryside.
diamonds were trumps.
his whole attitude had undergone a subtle change.
the filing cards were organized by cards having indexed tabs.
sugar-coated pills.
lately the rules have been enforced.
equally obtrusive was the graffiti.
fundamentals include a company's growth, revenues, earnings, management, and capital structure.
I requested that she type the entire manuscript.
put my ideas forth.
puritanic distaste for alcohol.
an alluring prospect.
a head of steam.
organic chicken.
he saddled me with that heavy responsibility.
unfit for human consumption.
raised metalwork.
green fields.
an absurdly rich young woman.
the other evening.
wild parties.
the test tube held a column of white powder.
the foreigners spoke unintelligibly.
the poor sod couldn't even buy a drink.
a dearly-won victory.
he soldered the connection.
These pills won't harm your system.
a checkered business career.
three quarters of the Earth's surface is covered by water.
He is reputed to be intelligent.
the house was tastefully decorated.
continental Europe.
top the evening with champagne.
Got me--I don't know the answer!.
it was an unfair trial.
a book uncharacteristic of its author.
She is obsessing over her weight.
an insecure future.
a grade of B minus.
he lives in the next block.
not a fairy palace; yet a mundane wonder of unimagined kind.
vegetational cover.
the very picture of a modern general.
a conventional view of the world.
visual navigation.
opponent (or opposing) armies.
the political picture is favorable.
soil sufficiently hospitable for forest growth.
the palmar muscle.
She was not properly credited in the program.
sottish behavior.
defeat your enemies.
they skimmed over the surface of the water.
the meat must be eaten before it spoils.
he took a crack at it.
pick flowers.
used English terms instead of Latin ones.
Cigar butts littered the ground.
an invalid driver's license.
raise your `o'.
some recondite problem in historiography.
on business in a foreign city.
a barrage of questions.
a provident father plans for his children's education.
many valuable nutrients are refined out of the foods in our modern diet.
The horse covers the mare.
hyenas scavenge.
palmately cleft.
sidereal bodies.
the very latest scientific discoveries.
don't trust my ex-wife; I won't pay her debts anymore.
I don't see the situation quite as negatively as you do.
flick a piece of paper across the table.
the paint is dry.
there was a roof on salaries.
the break in the eighth frame cost him the match.
The train departs at noon.
everyone gets stomach upsets from time to time.
an eight-spot.
equipped to be a scholar.
a dopey kid.
intercostal muscles.
stalk the woods for deer.
the developing drug culture.
a nauseating smell.
he was surprised by the absence of any explanation.
a newspaper with a modest circulation.
He relived the horrors of war.
our instruction was carefully programmed.
held an ordinal rank of seventh.
you cannot send packages by electronic mail.
a glitter of apprehension in her hunted eyes.
Her new show dog swept all championships.
a joke that was incongruous with polite conversation.
a complicated concatenation of circumstances.
he took a deep breath and dived into the pool.
it is undesirable to believe a proposition when there is no ground whatever for supposing it true.
a striking resemblance between parent and child.
it was mortifying to know he had heard every word.
We localized the source of the infection.
felt boxed in by the traffic.
gave him a fulsome introduction.
the old Roman wall.
the local library is a valuable resource.
with everything so upset.
he had to take a leak.
a common friend.
she ran off with a long-distance truck driver.
the flexibility and looseness of the materials from which mythology is made.
Have you signed your contract yet?.
she was continually adjusting the ventilation.
the harshness of his punishment was inhuman.
you can't tell the players without a program.
his brag is worse than his fight.
there are laboratories for commercial testing.
medical treatment.
the wire is gauged.
build a defense on nothing but the accused person's reputation.
she wore thongs in her quest for the callipygian ideal.
a boss hand at carpentry.
He slammed the door shut.
hundreds of miles were railed out here.
The old man hates to socialize.
there was a round of applause.
the dissipation of the mist.
communal elections in several European countries.
a dress of near satin.
an orienting program for new employees.
the dollar is low.
Tunisian markets.
his switch on abortion cost him the election.
the Norman Invasion in 1066.
he foresaw a probable loss.
this story would be good cinema.
He relaxed in the hot tub.
a place where the requisites of water fuel and fodder can be obtained.
I am accumulating evidence for the man's unfaithfulness to his wife.
they retreated in the face of withering enemy fire.
iceberg is still the most popular lettuce.
The tourists murdered the French language.
the trend of the stock market.
chemical balance.
he made no secret of his designs.
the teen years.
he had a sparkle in his eye.
grammatical rules.
a house set on a hilltop.
the mutation has been evolutionarily successful.
Can the child sound out this complicated word?.
when she awoke the clarity was back in her eyes.
block trains.
the beer had a thick head of foam.
an extensible measuring rule.
catholic in one's tastes.
The inauguration went well.
insuperable odds.
surf the internet or the world wide web.
The heat checked the paint.
zodiacal constellations.
a memorandum to those concerned.
pastoral seminomadic people.
he shared his catch with the others.
a positive attitude.
the barometer gave clear indications of an approaching storm.
futile years after her artistic peak.
he had a keen ear.
She drew an elephant.
their chantlike intoned prayers.
make a joyful noise.
a lonely existence.
Splice the wires.
She failed to notice that her child was no longer in his crib.
Please develop this roll of film for me.
clannish loyalty.
visible to the naked eye.
snakes are members of the class Reptilia.
The patient with emphysema is hacking all day.
well-meaning but misguided teachers.
We studied the development of the children longitudinally.
The tower of the World Trade Center tumbled after the plane hit it.
a man of great resourcefulness.
they have the illusion that I am very wealthy.
very imprudent of her mother to encourage her in such silly romantic ideas.
the practice may go back still farther to the Druids.
an expression of pleasure crossed his features.
the surface of the pond is dark and shadowed.
kept life in his wasted frame only by grim concentration.
the refractive characteristics of the eye.
a twofold increase.
the Sicilian Mafia.
the last bastion of communism.
step off ten yards.
he gave it a flick with his finger.
Expose your students to art.
a few undomesticated horses left.
the Cotswolds were once at the forefront of woollen manufacturing in England.
distrust the constituted authority.
real people; not ghosts.
a chest of drawers all scratched underneath.
ruminant mammals.
an acute (or critical) lack of research funds.
he stuck the cloth with the needle.
phenotypical profile.
an attempt to eliminate the base coinage.
a groping effort to understand.
The fauvists juxtaposed strong colors.
She will talk at Rutgers next week.
the Punic Wars.
he behaved unethically.
hit a ball.
a microprocessor functions as the central processing unit of a microcomputer.
She makes like an actress.
he was still some distance away.
he performed badly on the exam.
rock the cradle.
the best time for planting.
a raiding party.
an inheritable title.
The garden was swarming with bees.
the book still has its original binding.
an arm of the sea.
self-parody and saltiness riddled their core genre.
The female students served as a control group.
Our budget will only be insignificantly affected by these new cuts.
wine made the guest expansive.
a single thickness.
she took copious notes.
the misty evening.
fish for compliments.
there was a backlash of intolerance.
have a lover.
She nudged my elbow when she saw her friend enter the restaurant.
The old car looks like new now that we airbrushed it.
gut the sheep.
a second coat of paint.
he prefers shoes of Italian derivation.
the TV program has a new time slot.
the conventional handshake.
experience vertigo.
the marketable surplus.
make love, not war.
The ozone layer blocks some harmful rays which the sun emits.
what level is the office on?.
phenomenal science.
wizard wands.
a forced landing.
evacuate the bottle.
This box won't take all the items.
raise hell.
he is superior to fear.
The Vietnamese mined Cambodia.
Many of the laboratory animals express the trait.
for years tobacco companies have contended that tobacco is nonaddictive.
I cannot extricate myself from this task.
She naps everyday after lunch for an hour.
the boy squirted water at his little sister.
corporations responsible to nameless owners.
foil your opponent.
he had considerable experience of government.
ships with square sails sail fairly efficiently with the wind abaft.
yoke the oxen together.
drive a golf ball.
the president said he had a road map for normalizing relations with Vietnam.
the boundless regions of the infinite.
they organized a rescue operation.
The runners reached the finish line, panting heavily.
a fine violinist.
economy of effort.
The crowds pressed along the street.
perpetrate a crime.
wear one's hair in a certain way.
his cogitations were dutifully recorded in his daybook.
her hands rested quietly in her lap.
the cathedral organ and the distant voices have a haunting beauty.
the conversation lightened me up a bit.
start up the computer.
an umpire was appointed to settle the tax case.
he has tried several different word processing applications.
centralized government.
concentrate juice.
he was brought in to supervise the organization of a new department.
It was storming all night.
She irrupted into our sitting room.
The news of the city's surrender chilled the soldiers.
Who is governing the country now?.
The sudden storm immobilized the traffic.
beat on the door.
brought to you live from Lincoln Center.
he is merchandising telephone sets.
turn the corner.
a few rough sketches.
The enemy exploded the bridge.
marketable produce.
a bit of a bother.
clothed and in his right mind.
hew out a path in the rock.
his main pastime is gambling.
configure my new computer.
The tibia fractured from the blow of the iron pipe.
I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock.
the addition of a leap day every four years.
His speech did not sway the voters.
he gladly accepted the mitigated penalty.
pulverized sugar is prepared from granulated sugar by grinding.
the once elegant temple lay in virtual ruin.
the small room was cozy and intimate.
he had to get his mother to write an excuse for him.
She bears the title of Duchess.
had only an imperfect understanding of his responsibilities.
he enjoyed the solemn externals of religion.
a missing person.
coalescent tradititions.
don't pay him any mind.
the path leads directly to the lake.
familiar with the complex machinery.
mythical centaurs.
a droll little man with a quiet tongue-in-cheek kind of humor.
deposits abandoned by mining companies as unprofitable.
a gull in poised flight.
follow the road.
his uncanny sense of direction.
in a static system oil cannot be replaced by water on a surface.
broad daylight.
a politic decision.
horrible like raw and putrid flesh.
absence of peaky highs and beefed-up bass.
his testimony was just a contrivance to throw us off the track.
a solitary retreat.
palmleaf-roofed huts.
structural engineer.
I gave it a whirl.
fine wine.
bestial treatment of prisoners.
at 9-0 they have the best record in their league.
as filthy as a pigsty.
miserable victims of war.
a premature infant.
a zoning variance.
wood dust is a sure sign of termites.
a big group of scientists.
a tenuous argument.
his body made a spasmodic jerk.
her suppers often included celebrities.
I have to give my props to the governor for the way he handled the problem.
The rich landowners subjugated the peasants working the land.
intravenous feeding.
a tactful way of correcting someone.
Buddhist sculpture.
Tom and Dick were both heroes but only the latter is remembered today.
the Bantu population of Sierra Leone.
blind faith.
unceremonious dismissal from office.
self-conscious teenagers.
the pliers had serrations to improve the grip.
jewels of inestimable value.
few voters seem conscious of the issue's importance.
they went to Paris to see the sights.
gave oblique answers to direct questions.
he had the gem set in a ring for his wife.
an old tale of Anne Bolyn walking the castle walls with her poor cut-off head under her arm.
he has an unlisted number.
two runners started before the gun.
making indirect but legitimate inquiries.
the product is commercially available.
the prenatal period.
criticism tempered with kindly sympathy.
atrioventricular disease.
construct a paragraph.
the visualized scene lacked the ugly details of real life.
genius usually follows a revolutionary path.
a dummy corporation.
I'm betting on the new horse.
The resistors have been doped.
It follows that your assertion is false.
light smoke from the chimney.
a provisional government.
cut a ticket.
a statutory age limit.
the industrial revolution opened a new chapter in British history.
the reflective type.
a homeless was found murdered in Central Park.
enormous expenses.
was concerned about the future.
she preferred the black nylon number.
she's a real dog.
She forged a Green Card.
a small tormented schoolboy.
not openly liberal but that is the trend of the book.
The dollar depreciated again.
there are 30,000 passengers per day.
the child was standing in the middle of the crossfire, defenselessly.
they will cut round stock to 1-inch diameter.
this little pig made his house out of straw.
She was streaming with sweat.
Latin was a prerequisite for admission.
spent a wretched night on the floor.
food color made from vegetable dyes.
an economical shopper.
motorized scooters are now the rage.
the bundle was tied with a cord.
made the most of a bad deal.
a wide-sweeping view of the river.
low-level discussions.
the middle point on a line.
there was a basketful of ironing to do.
there were bars in the windows to prevent escape.
they talked until morning.
wanted to get away from there.
society as an integrated whole.
madcap escapades.
a plenteous grape harvest.
do research.
His employer garnished his wages in order to pay his debt.
she has a lot of class.
the sidereal system.
the steep attic stairs.
commodities are easy this quarter.
put the cover back on the kettle.
a rough-textured tweed.
the clatter of iron wheels on cobblestones.
can you unravel the mystery?.
The huge sculpture predominates over the fountain.
a committed Marxist.
the big ship wharfed in the evening.
a capricious refusal.
retrieved his named from her jolted memory.
Chop wood.
The dog's fur bristled.
a hope that progressed from possibility to actuality.
the painful process of growing up.
You have to stroke the boss.
Stones grumbled down the cliff.
widen the range of applications.
it was bitterly cold.
her greying hair was tinged blond.
amoebic dysentery.
coordinate his actions with that of his colleagues.
spendable income.
indescribable beauty.
a singular example.
The speaker was barraged by an angry audience.
the school of naturalistic writers.
her allotted chores.
if we further suppose.
a blood count.
a credible witness.
we all knew her as a big show-off.
charges of opposite sign.
take out a splinter.
She pioneered a graduate program for women students.
I'm afraid the film was well over budget.
He muscled his way into the office.
he hated the white man's superiority and condescension.
they have begun, however reluctantly, to acknowledge the legitimacy of some of the opposition's concerns.
advance an argument.
head the fish.
Rotate the handle.
dissent to the laws of the country.
a provocative remark.
Scram!.
when people try to correct their speech they develop a stilted pronunciation.
an impractical solution.
the child put her jersey on backward.
Can we finance the addition to our home?.
a democratic or popular movement.
dangers not yet appreciated.
She managed to catch herself before telling her boss what was on her mind.
His head was severed from his body.
he always blames someone else in the immediate neighborhood.
a meaningful discussion.
Let's say you had a lot of money--what would you do?.
The school system is collapsing.
a faint hissing sound.
worn-out shoes with flapping soles.
they sat on the hearth and warmed themselves before the fire.
The Chinese are said to harvest organs from executed criminals.
stock prices broke.
null and void.
the principles by which societies cohere.
gossip that makes one sick.
only winners need apply.
political pressure.
the emanation of the Holy Spirit.
her fingers felt their way through the string quartet.
a face marked with dried tears.
I'm not all that surprised actually.
This question befuddled even the teacher.
a stock answer.
there was no mistaking her meaning.
a fantastic trip to the Orient.
We picnicked near the lake on this gorgeous Sunday.
I'm expecting a full explanation as to why these files were destroyed.
She rolled the ball.
these stories were transmitted by word of mouth.
warned of possible consequences.
The will was broken.
truss the roofs.
frame a policy.
spatial ability.
a straightaway denial.
amazingly, he finished medical school in three years.
They clawed their way to the top of the mountain.
he enjoyed the complexity of modern computers.
He feeds on her insecurity.
do your own thing.
how soon will the computers be up?.
a suspected infection.
They covenanted with Judas for 30 pieces of silver.
Am I supposed to swallow that story?.
a popular tourist attraction.
nerve impulses cross a synapse through the action of neurotransmitters.
he's out of my orbit.
a taxonomic designation.
comb the wool.
he lifted the rifle to his shoulder and fired.
the seamy side of life.
Wrap the present.
She alienated her friends when she became fanatically religious.
an amusing film with a steady stream of pranks and pratfalls.
view an exhibition.
We should go farther in this matter.
turn cartwheels.
a steady breeze.
engineers strove to increase the naturalness of recorded music.
a fairish income.
there was great heat as the comet entered the atmosphere.
he was my pick for mayor.
numerous times.
call collect.
I was caught short.
pay a debt.
the foundation of a new scientific society.
toe the line.
hair in tight curls.
an accessible and genial man.
vigilance is especially susceptible to fatigue.
the current taste for wide trousers.
graphic symbols.
a potent cup of tea.
she played the piano accompaniment cleanly.
crossed the river on improvised bridges.
took an unequivocal position.
he was intensely disliked.
`Are you really happy with him,' asked her mother, gazing at Vera searchingly.
he tested for the presence of radon.
the program required several hundred lines of code.
tap a keg of beer.
statutory rape.
the habit of meditation is the basis for all real knowledge.
oily puddles in the streets.
the actors tried to create a realistic portrayal of the Africans.
a man in a tattered shirt.
the canescent moon.
a gruff reply.
The child was pinned under the fallen tree.
the drama's symbolism was very ideological.
a tendentious account of recent elections.
connate qualities.
The setting sun sank below the tree line.
anthropologists do much of their work in the field.
The cocks crowed all morning.
we have no more bananas.
part-time employees.
The queen assumed the stately robes.
The stitches of the hem worked loose after she wore the skirt many times.
He fitted other pieces of paper to his cut-out.
She has a lot to kick about.
her exposed breast.
he celebrated his 10th season with the ballet company.
the Taliban enforced a strict Muslim code of behavior.
the quaternary period of geologic time extends from the end of the tertiary period to the present.
dictatorial powers.
He was roused by the drunken men in the street.
the simple sincerity of folk songs.
This boat draws 70 inches.
the frame was out of true.
People in Chernobyl were subjected to radiation.
The mugger pulled a knife on his victim.
The lamb roast rotates on a spit over the fire.
the impulse knocked him over.
lying ill and helpless.
irate protesters.
With this machine, ultrasound can be visualized.
she kissed him lightly on the forehead.
necrotic tissue.
adultery is often cited as grounds for divorce.
influenced by ethnic and cultural ties.
the common cold.
the system broke down under excessive loads.
a registered pharmacist.
lack of funds has resulted in a catastrophe for our school system.
she ran a dance studio.
entered with much eclat in a coach drawn by eight white horses.
then there was a break in her voice.
The dress got wrinkled.
meat loaf.
He fulminated against the Republicans' plan to cut Medicare.
a lively discussion.
graduates well equipped to handle such problems.
duplex system.
national elections.
the bee exserted its sting.
ingrained habits of a lifetime.
a few well-chosen words.
I can't account for the missing money.
The happy dog wagged his tail.
This will enhance your enjoyment.
Hitler attacked Poland on September 1, 1939 and started World War II.
unsparing generosity.
there was a flurry of chicken feathers.
a reserve supply of food.
This student knows her irregular verbs.
mince the garlic.
the stock market corrected.
autumnal fruits.
the vicious and degrading cult of violence.
the government established a wage floor.
he improved greatly.
I forgave him his infidelity.
He pranked himself out in his best clothes.
news gets around (or about).
cunning kittens.
She ended their friendship when she found out that he had once been convicted of a crime.
he remained serene in the midst of turbulence.
there are approximately 336 dimples on a golf ball.
trees bent under the fierce winds.
the play received good notices.
the blue plate special.
there is a tension between these approaches to understanding history.
he was her rock during the crisis.
This popcorn pops quickly in the microwave oven.
he behaved hypocritically by praying piously when people were watching.
insufferable insolence.
a carefully analyzed poem can be like a dead butterfly pinned to a board.
trumpet-shaped flowers.
the wrongful heir to the throne.
look up!.
overbear criticism, protest, or arguments.
My garage backs their yard.
We cleared a lot of the old model cars.
a stripped-down budget.
The number of hours I work per work averages out to 40.
atypical clinical findings.
nuclear membrane.
his slashing demon-ridden cadenza.
a wet drippy day.
I salute your courage!.
She was rather perturbed by the news that her father was seriously ill.
not clear about what is expected of us.
civil rights.
impatient to begin.
a light accent.
the blind are too often objects of pity.
the gardener talked about the proper substrate for acid-loving plants.
The book portrays the actor as a selfish person.
frequent complaints.
a solemn promise.
save your pity for the living.
She requested an extra bed in her room.
a friendly host and hostess.
pass along the good news.
bend the rod.
it required unnatural torturing to extract a confession.
a deep breath.
Now is a good time to do it.
a fixed and unchangeable part of the germ plasm.
manicure fingernails.
racially integrated.
brilliant tapestries.
We succeeded in getting tickets to the show.
administer critical remarks to everyone present.
the vocal repertoire.
we can't work because the computer is down.
He could not touch the meaning of the poem.
the population of the United States is vast and heterogeneous.
a sawed-off broomstick.
a past that was scarcely savory.
his success in the marathon was unexpected.
The mud had consolidated overnight.
they held an inventory every month.
a poet with a keen ear for demotic rhythms.
kill these lines in the President's speech.
he recommended her without any reservations.
He is basically dishonest.
After her husband died, she just pined away.
an official accused of dishonesty should be suspended forthwith.
Judas sold Jesus.
his drive and energy exhausted his co-workers.
Work the soil.
deep carpets.
essential oil.
he returned to his devotions.
her finely modeled features.
break up kidney stones.
quite a film.
subvert the ruling class.
a forlorn cause.
ruffle somebody's composure.
We quickly played out our strength.
the twilight glow of the sky.
I freckle easily.
asked for a collar on program trading in the stock market.
his words were slurred.
too unmusical to care for concerts.
conscious of his faults.
a copular verb.
The best student was recognized by the Dean.
His campaign bid for the attention of the poor population.
democratic art forms.
a nipping wind.
They conspired to overthrow the government.
his attorney argued for the relation back of the amended complaint to the time the initial complaint was filed.
received a hefty bonus.
a valiant attempt to prevent the hijack.
The basketball player moved from one team to another.
he gave the envelope a vigorous rip.
semantic tags were attached in order to identify different meanings of the word.
arbitrary division of the group into halves.
he asked the nurse for relief from the constant pain.
I'm itching--the air is so dry!.
it was an experiment in living.
he dominates play in the paint.
Jeeves was Bertie Wooster's man.
he wanted to live his own life without interference from others.
the principle of jet propulsion.
a prolonged black line across the page.
a lengthy visit from her mother-in-law.
My mind is constipated today.
ductless glands.
a special kind of paint.
intraventricular pressure.
coastal marshes.
He represented this book as an example of the Russian 19th century novel.
the titled classes.
the culture of cells in a Petri dish.
The court sustained the motion.
Her optimism whistled away these worries.
The famous professor awed the undergraduates.
light colors such as pastels.
the invalid's blanched cheeks.
The situation was rather involved.
spread your arms.
when you want something done get a doer.
you should remove the stones from prunes before cooking.
a first-rate golfer.
The dentist sequesters the tooth he is working on.
the royal box was empty.
Her eyes glazed over from lack of sleep.
a seedy district.
The boy skinned his knee when he fell.
Turkish towels.
specific characters.
the party was rather nice.
staring eyes.
doubt that a historical Camelot every existed.
effective personnel.
The champagne flowed at the wedding.
You cannot compartmentalize your life like this!.
lasted a half hour.
bathe daily.
there was a motion from the floor.
a primary instinct.
they mingled in the outskirts of the crowd.
stoic patience.
an outward journey.
she will arrive presently.
The flat plain was broken by tall mesas.
The little cottage nestles in the forest.
blind as an eyeless beggar.
a ranch hand.
Lancastrian city center.
the new line of cars will soon be on sale.
people come and go, but the population of this town has remained approximately constant for the past decade.
that's unfortunate but it isn't the end of the world.
the junior class.
he was famous for the regularity of his habits.
squeegee the windows.
some women do not control the spacing of their children.
My children finally got me to buy a computer.
for a dog, an erect tail indicates aggression.
John Junior.
he gave the balloon a small prick.
She holds a Master's degree from Harvard.
buy outright.
had harsh words.
the whole town cheered the team.
We shuttered the window to keep the house cool.
professional conduct.
carry on--pretend we are not in the room.
she keeps herself fully occupied with volunteer activities.
tall ships.
an oil-in-water emulsion.
automation increases productivity.
nothing is so monotonous as the sea.
His two singles gave the team the victory.
the alterations in the document were ruled to be criminally fraudulent.
he held a minority position.
an elegantly insouciant manner.
ladle the water out of the bowl.
a set of teeth.
unethical business practices.
the car did not have proper restraints fitted.
the two phenomena are intimately connected.
too awkward with a needle to make her own clothes.
close supervision.
uncannily human robots.
Change before you go to the opera.
a reliable sourcSFLe of information.
The holocaust survivors have lived a nightmare.
he can do it from memory.
Remove the dirty dishes from the table.
he was born to the purple.
I gave the waiter my order.
a glum, hopeless shrug.
Could you please specify your criticism of my paper?.
the inorganic mineral world.
he rose from the ranks to become a colonel.
forbidden fruit.
I'll be cursed if I can see your reasoning.
stood near the door.
the county plans to build a new road.
that salesman must have practiced his fast line of talk.
that restaurant has excellent service.
the explanation was circuitous and puzzling.
in some societies a childless woman is rejected by her tribesmen.
The fish are stratified in barrels.
an intemperate climate.
a raw wound.
an awkward prose style.
The people reclaimed the marshes.
you are hot.
a magnanimous conqueror.
planetary year.
drilling there would be strictly a wildcat operation.
they opened a repair yard on the edge of town.
they wanted to see some of the shows on Broadway.
they worked rapidly down the menu of reports.
he participated actively in the war.
the list of available candidates is unusually long.
furrow one's brow.
reproduce sexually.
the most common type of bond is the straight or plain vanilla bond.
add a desirable note of specificity to the discussion.
`boy' and `swim' are uninflected English words.
the tactual luxury of stroking silky human hair.
perceptible only as unaccountable influences that hinder progress.
cerebellar artery.
the profound depths of the sea.
antipodean latitudes.
May God keep you.
a virile and ever stronger free society.
the photographic film was wrapped in foil.
removal of the central post left the roof unsupported.
a woman covert.
the first time.
a private place.
I don't have any money left.
an extinct species of fish.
lighten the burden of caring for her elderly parents.
were indefinite about their plans.
after the hurricane destroyed our house, we had to improvise for weeks.
eastern cities.
took the in bus.
strike a medal.
bonnets smothered with flowers.
meshed gears.
This exceeds all my expectations.
the sets were meticulously authentic.
refused to be fazed by the objections.
the posting was made in the cash account.
resistant to the effects of heat.
much too dear for my pocketbook.
subcutaneous implant.
The coach cut two players from the team.
shear sheep.
I cuddled the baby.
a swaggering peremptory manner.
a biochemical profile of blood.
Bernice bobs her hair these days!.
put the kettle on the fire.
1, 2, 6, 24, and 120 are factorials.
an ancient cart with wooden wheels.
Roll up the cloth.
the islands are of strategic importance.
Did you ever climb up the hill behind your house?.
clean off the dirt.
light aircraft.
elfin bells.
a deuced idiot.
can you shed light on this problem?.
the voice was low and beguiling.
a ceramic dish.
he caught a crab and lost the race.
he is a good worker.
derive pleasure from one's garden.
the deuce with it.
get ready.
The wheels are turning.
the dawn of recorded history.
a light sentence.
the serrations of a city skyline.
deflate the currency.
The airplane fishtailed on the runway.
my hyacinths and orchids are spiking now.
an unequivocal promise.
This machine automatically cycles.
These shoes cost $100.
uncompromising honesty.
his mouth slightly opened.
The building squatted low.
in the body free radicals are high-energy particles that ricochet wildly and damage cells.
geriatric hospital.
an unavailing attempt.
the modal age at which American novelists reach their peak is 30.
the limits of the known world.
the whole town was famous for its crudeness.
this should cover everyone in the group.
objects of thought.
The deputy ragged the Prime Minister.
he had stupidly bought a one way ticket.
name your accomplices!.
I have lived a kind of hell when I was a drug addict.
landed property.
he showed signs of strain.
he tried to strangle his opponent.
she spoke with authority.
downcast after his defeat.
cram books into the suitcase.
a unitary as opposed to a federal form of government.
How many people are carried on the payroll?.
still waters run deep.
he determined the length of the shortest line segment joining the two points.
the shelling went on for hours without pausing.
the fauna of China.
the playground is the hub of parental supervision.
he finished an inglorious last.
abort the mission.
blameworthy if not criminal behavior.
inner regions of the organization.
I had to miss the last of the movie.
The academy counts several Nobel Prize winners among its members.
cross a horse and a donkey.
editorial duties.
bad luck caused his downfall.
a beam draped with cobwebs.
a modest apartment.
She wanted her hair cropped short.
uneven margins.
chairs arranged for his own convenience.
the best solution.
this shift occurs spontaneously.
teaching history gave him a special point of view toward current events.
think before you act.
this author writes pretentiously.
the history of the play throughout the latter part of the eighteenth century is monotonously uneventful.
He hopped rides all over the country.
a concealed compartment in his briefcase.
a large family.
the valley is no stranger to bloodshed and murder.
the gathering satisfied both organizers and attendees.
workers of the world--unite!.
the invaders scorched the land.
hindsight is always better than foresight.
Ring the bells.
The cost for the trip excludes food and beverages.
there's no help for it.
a grade of C plus.
a formal education.
a stylist noted for the lameness of his plots.
come in.
mark off the units.
time past.
she takes good care of her man.
The appellate court upheld the verdict.
`The boy threw the ball' uses the active voice.
We were up drinking all night.
the complex civilization of which Rome was the kinetic center.
clonic spasm.
his wife is British.
he has the one but will need a two and three to go with it.
Australian aborigines.
The rain brought relief to the drought-stricken area.
His efforts carried the entire project.
lusterless hair.
alabaster statue.
He made a fool of himself at the meeting.
shops should take back unsatisfactory goods.
the airplanes upended.
a segregated neighborhood.
sabbatical research project.
Father had to learn how to change the baby.
Adjust your eyes to the darkness.
stack a truck with boxes.
with glasses her corrected vision was 20:20.
the sweater unraveled.
There are marshes that stagnate the waters.
he awoke betimes that morning.
picket a business to protest the layoffs.
if there are any defects you should send it back to the manufacturer.
severe pain.
early Mayan civilization.
in the morning the grass was wet with dew.
Mary plays best, with John and Sue following.
the closing stages of the election.
drift the boats downstream.
the slaty sky of dawn.
he tested the set of the glue.
felt really pissed at her snootiness.
the desperately engaged ships continued the fight.
We were assigned new uniforms.
They hoisted the patient onto the operating table.
anthropological studies.
the Shawnee nation.
The students chanted the same slogan over and over again.
the boat wasset adrift.
a high-performance car.
He posited three basic laws of nature.
venomous snakes.
applied psychology.
Let us hope that relations with this country will normalize soon.
the march went up Fifth Avenue.
the car had white sidewalls.
thinking always made him frown.
pulseless and dead.
only a faint recollection.
step aside.
a meal enlivened by the music.
The police are searching for clues.
the monthly newsletter.
jellyfish are boneless.
he's away right now.
coarse language.
he's weak in spelling.
This spoilt food disgusts me.
he needed a salve for his conscience.
skintight jeans.
she gave the trophy but he made the presentation.
axillary gland.
for the common good.
he was certain to fail.
a rise in crime symptomatic of social breakdown.
wrangle horses.
knitted garments.
the two teams played a makeup one week later.
moved with quiet force and undramatic bearing.
an unfledged lawyer.
she needs the money expressly for her patients.
a monkey's prehensile tail.
the guy's only doing it for some doll.
in a peaceable and orderly manner.
there is strength in union.
these were estates his father questionably acquired.
leglike appendages.
they allowed just one vote per person.
proud princes.
stock a lake.
a crease in his trousers.
he left me an almost impossible shot.
he adjusted the intensity of the sound.
years afterward, they would pay the blood-money, driblet by driblet.
at the height of her career.
the only friendly person here.
bleed the radiators.
divine liturgy.
funnel the liquid into the small bottle.
terminal buds on a branch.
denominational prejudice.
he is a student of the occult.
the plane crashed into the ocean.
fried green tomatoes.
he caught the motorcycles in the full glare of his headlights, braked and slipped purposefully out of the car.
the peace of mellow age.
starchy foods.
desirous of high office.
she became more tranquil.
the principal rivers of America.
there was a simple fret at the top of the walls.
early diagnosis.
moral degeneracy followed intellectual degeneration.
They attended to everything he said.
mellowed fruit.
he is an anathema to me.
too many voters still declare they are undecided.
curious investigators.
thirty respirations per minute.
that style is something extrinsic to the subject.
the deviation from the mean.
under the head of minor Roman poets.
hollow sepulchral tones.
the fleet scurrying of squirrels.
run a new program on the Mac.
nothing could be further from the truth.
the church has a large social hall.
stellar passings can perturb the orbits of comets.
a cheap promotions gimmick for greedy businessmen.
he enjoyed remembering his father.
a nice lady at the library helped me.
sudden but sure regret.
cruising three miles offshore.
increasing recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases.
he extended his mitt.
a delicate flavor.
their children were never very strong on obedience.
very close (or near) with his money.
she made a fortunate decision to go to medical school.
unostentatious elegance.
inexpert but conscientious efforts.
slogans petrify our thinking.
the forthcoming holidays.
ate a substantial breakfast.
managed to escape ahorse.
be alert at night especially in unfamiliar surroundings.
the computer proceeds with its incomparable logic and efficiency.
fresh water.
they sat opposite at the table.
the unkindest cut of all.
Her long skirt brushed the floor.
this is statistically impossible.
actual heroism.
conscious of preventable human suffering.
a secret garden.
an uprising quenched almost before it started.
the silenced crowd waited expectantly.
a cup of warmed milk.
regrettable remarks.
a smart new dress.
The water is going to cleave a channel into the rock.
we've known each other for ages.
a halo of smoke.
two men stood sentry duty.
This impinges on my rights as an individual.
Darkness enclosed him.
If soldiers deserted Hitler's army, they were shot.
lactic acid.
the extended airport runways can accommodate larger planes.
sat close together in the sequestered pergola.
she was in my year at Hoehandle High.
it could happen any time now.
the overall cost.
disenfrenchised masses took to the streets.
a meretricious yet stylish book.
a major portion of the winnings.
the ship went aground in the channel.
to be nominally but not actually independent.
thick coating of dust.
a superficial wound.
an ineligible pass receiver.
a conversation heard through the wall.
it was his province to take care of himself.
risk is the reciprocal of safety.
cells differentiate.
he treated his staff cavalierly.
the branch with the big peaches on it hung lowest.
the house had fallen into a serious state of decay and disrepair.
standard procedure.
We must acknowledge the kindness she showed towards us.
his accustomed thoroughness.
bend your knees.
She gave the children lots of love and tender loving care.
Consider the following case.
seasonal labor.
a fabian policy.
they made arrangements to meet in Chicago.
long-winded (or windy) speakers.
mobs goaded by blind hatred.
He broke the glass plate.
I suspect he is a fugitive.
use care when going down the stairs.
Their loyalty exceeds their national bonds.
a registered hospital.
he worked in the coal beds.
priestly dedication to the people of his parish.
there were open fields clear to the horizon.
educational facilities.
He fumbled towards the door.
the valley of the Rhone is famous for its vineyards.
a great work of art.
an oral thermometer.
the rifle had been fitted with a special stock.
She ran 10 miles that day.
an orange of average size.
The spaceship blazed out into space.
The sun is radiating.
it was stuff I had heard before.
Her behavior points to a severe neurosis.
The woman was raped on her way home at night.
an exploratory operation.
he had done a lot of parachuting in the army.
shocked by the mere idea.
he holds the trophy.
the waistband had lost its snap.
Her arms were flailing.
soft light that was easy on the eyes.
cold-blooded killing.
he clawed insatiably at the traditional precepts.
symbolic operations.
bead the wedding gown.
a belligerent tone.
the drinking of cocktails was as canonical a rite as the mixing.
they had labor trouble.
The window banged shut.
she was Mama's chosen.
the diabolical expression on his face.
The boys splashed around in the pool.
they welcomed the spring thaw.
particles in space exist in the form of a plasma.
a clear path to victory.
of worldwide significance.
the bowstring was twanging.
a sterile operating area.
the crowd of following cars made the occasion seem like a parade.
the proverbial grasshopper.
a capital fellow.
alcoholic expatriates in Paris.
Did you ever visit Paris?.
He was stricken with cancer when he was still a teenager.
the spread-out cards.
the biramous appendages of an arthropod.
a historical perspective.
marble is a metamorphic rock that takes a high polish.
leaped up with surprising agility.
the speaker mounted the platform.
upwardly mobile.
honor your parents!.
The crowds dispersed.
his room was toward the rear of the hotel.
aged ten.
doing an uncommon amount of business.
She let the walls of the apartment be beplastered with stucco.
he received a bill for mastering the concert and making 100 copies.
the plane was late and he missed his connection in Atlanta.
every episode has its double and treble meaning.
did you get it?.
sky watchers discovered a new star.
Bavarian beer.
the Catholic Church considers the Pope infallible.
he has a very complicated love life.
a brimful cup.
bawdy songs.
one's own self.
The Giants dropped 11 of their first 13.
a team of aging second-raters.
struck dumb.
the spelling was first affected, but latterly the meaning also.
they were up to their armpits in water.
brown-capped mushrooms.
an idyllic spot for a picnic.
you look simply smashing.
the barber gave him a good cut.
professors robed in crimson.
the answers were healthily individual.
nonfatal heart attack.
despotic rulers.
good extension comes from a combination of training and native ability.
a shallow closet.
the liner's maiden voyage.
prefixed words.
people universally agree on this.
she stood there ironing.
a wry neck.
that tax bill had the senator's fingerprints all over it.
he's a cool dude.
the chieftain had a herald who announced his arrival with a trumpet.
much of the beluga caviar existing in the world is found in the Soviet Union and Iran.
the news was eagerly awaited.
his emotional state depended on her opinion.
simply incapable of lying.
she told a funny story.
I'll accept the charges.